m = 4 n = 14
pop = 30 gen = 400
init...begin
init...done
*****************************t=0*****************************
find a better solution in: 0.01 s	
find a better solution in : 0.01 s	
find a better solution in: 0.01 s	
find a better solution in: 0.01 s	
find a better solution in : 0.01 s	
find a better solution in: 0.01 s	
find a better solution in: 0.01 s	
find a better solution in : 0.01 s	
find a better solution in: 0.02 s	
find a better solution in : 0.02 s	
find a better solution in: 0.02 s	
find a better solution in : 0.02 s	
find a better solution in : 0.02 s	
find a better solution in: 0.02 s	
find a better solution in: 0.02 s	
find a better solution in: 0.02 s	
find a better solution in: 0.02 s	
find a better solution in: 0.03 s	
find a better solution in : 0.03 s	
find a better solution in : 0.03 s	
find a better solution in : 0.03 s	
find a better solution in: 0.03 s	
find a better solution in: 0.03 s	
find a better solution in : 0.04 s	
find a better solution in : 0.04 s	
find a better solution in : 0.06 s	
find a better solution in: 0.06 s	
find a better solution in: 0.07 s	
find a better solution in: 0.08 s	
find a better solution in: 0.10 s	
find a better solution in : 0.11 s	
find a better solution in : 0.11 s	
find a better solution in : 0.11 s	
find a better solution in: 0.11 s	
find a better solution in: 0.11 s	
find a better solution in: 0.11 s	
find a better solution in : 0.12 s	
find a better solution in : 0.12 s	
find a better solution in: 0.12 s	
find a better solution in : 0.12 s	
find a better solution in : 0.12 s	
find a better solution in: 0.13 s	
find a better solution in: 0.13 s	
find a better solution in : 0.13 s	
find a better solution in : 0.13 s	
find a better solution in : 0.13 s	
find a better solution in: 0.13 s	
find a better solution in: 0.14 s	
find a better solution in: 0.14 s	
find a better solution in: 0.14 s	
find a better solution in: 0.14 s	
find a better solution in: 0.14 s	
find a better solution in : 0.15 s	
find a better solution in : 0.15 s	
find a better solution in : 0.16 s	
find a better solution in : 0.16 s	
find a better solution in : 0.18 s	
find a better solution in : 0.18 s	
find a better solution in: 0.18 s	
find a better solution in : 0.20 s	
find a better solution in : 0.20 s	
find a better solution in: 0.21 s	
find a better solution in : 0.23 s	
find a better solution in: 0.23 s	
find a better solution in : 0.25 s	
find a better solution in : 0.25 s	
find a better solution in: 0.26 s	
find a better solution in: 0.28 s	
find a better solution in: 0.29 s	
find a better solution in: 0.29 s	
find a better solution in: 0.29 s	
find a better solution in: 0.29 s	
find a better solution in : 0.30 s	
find a better solution in : 0.30 s	
find a better solution in: 0.30 s	
find a better solution in : 0.30 s	
find a better solution in: 0.30 s	
find a better solution in : 0.30 s	
find a better solution in: 0.31 s	
find a better solution in : 0.32 s	
find a better solution in : 0.33 s	
find a better solution in: 0.33 s	
find a better solution in: 0.34 s	
find a better solution in: 0.34 s	
find a better solution in: 0.37 s	
find a better solution in : 0.37 s	
find a better solution in : 0.37 s	
find a better solution in : 0.37 s	
find a better solution in: 0.37 s	
find a better solution in: 0.37 s	
find a better solution in: 0.38 s	
find a better solution in : 0.38 s	
find a better solution in : 0.38 s	
find a better solution in: 0.38 s	
find a better solution in: 0.39 s	
find a better solution in: 0.39 s	
find a better solution in : 0.39 s	
find a better solution in : 0.39 s	
find a better solution in : 0.39 s	
find a better solution in : 0.40 s	
find a better solution in : 0.42 s	
find a better solution in: 0.42 s	
find a better solution in: 0.43 s	
find a better solution in : 0.43 s	
find a better solution in : 0.43 s	
find a better solution in : 0.43 s	
find a better solution in : 0.50 s	
find a better solution in : 0.50 s	
find a better solution in: 0.50 s	
find a better solution in: 0.50 s	
find a better solution in: 0.50 s	
find a better solution in : 0.51 s	
find a better solution in : 0.51 s	
find a better solution in: 0.51 s	
find a better solution in: 0.51 s	
find a better solution in : 0.53 s	
find a better solution in: 0.59 s	
find a better solution in: 0.60 s	
find a better solution in: 0.60 s	
find a better solution in : 0.62 s	
find a better solution in : 0.62 s	
find a better solution in: 0.72 s	
find a better solution in: 0.73 s	
find a better solution in : 0.75 s	
find a better solution in: 0.82 s	
find a better solution in : 0.82 s	
find a better solution in : 0.82 s	
find a better solution in : 0.83 s	
find a better solution in : 0.84 s	
find a better solution in : 0.92 s	
find a better solution in : 0.99 s	
1 generation time: 1.02 s
*****************************t=1*****************************
find a better solution in : 1.04 s	
find a better solution in: 1.05 s	
find a better solution in : 1.07 s	
find a better solution in : 1.09 s	
find a better solution in: 1.10 s	
find a better solution in: 1.17 s	
find a better solution in : 1.18 s	
find a better solution in: 1.18 s	
find a better solution in: 1.18 s	
find a better solution in: 1.18 s	
find a better solution in : 1.18 s	
find a better solution in : 1.18 s	
find a better solution in: 1.18 s	
find a better solution in : 1.24 s	
find a better solution in: 1.24 s	
find a better solution in: 1.24 s	
find a better solution in : 1.25 s	
find a better solution in : 1.26 s	
find a better solution in : 1.32 s	
find a better solution in : 1.33 s	
find a better solution in : 1.33 s	
find a better solution in: 1.33 s	
find a better solution in : 1.33 s	
find a better solution in : 1.33 s	
find a better solution in: 1.34 s	
find a better solution in: 1.34 s	
find a better solution in : 1.42 s	
find a better solution in: 1.43 s	
find a better solution in: 1.46 s	
find a better solution in: 1.48 s	
find a better solution in: 1.57 s	
find a better solution in : 1.58 s	
find a better solution in : 1.58 s	
find a better solution in : 1.58 s	
find a better solution in : 1.60 s	
2 generation time: 1.84 s
*****************************t=2*****************************
find a better solution in : 1.91 s	
find a better solution in : 1.97 s	
find a better solution in: 1.98 s	
find a better solution in : 2.06 s	
find a better solution in: 2.06 s	
find a better solution in: 2.06 s	
find a better solution in : 2.28 s	
find a better solution in: 2.28 s	
find a better solution in : 2.28 s	
find a better solution in: 2.28 s	
find a better solution in: 2.29 s	
find a better solution in: 2.29 s	
find a better solution in : 2.29 s	
find a better solution in: 2.29 s	
find a better solution in: 2.29 s	
find a better solution in: 2.30 s	
find a better solution in: 2.57 s	
find a better solution in : 2.59 s	
find a better solution in: 2.64 s	
find a better solution in: 2.65 s	
find a better solution in : 2.66 s	
find a better solution in : 2.67 s	
3 generation time: 2.86 s
*****************************t=3*****************************
find a better solution in : 3.17 s	
find a better solution in : 3.18 s	
find a better solution in : 3.34 s	
find a better solution in : 3.35 s	
find a better solution in: 3.35 s	
find a better solution in : 3.41 s	
find a better solution in : 3.48 s	
find a better solution in: 3.50 s	
4 generation time: 3.77 s
*****************************t=4*****************************
find a better solution in : 3.81 s	
find a better solution in: 3.81 s	
find a better solution in: 3.82 s	
find a better solution in: 3.82 s	
find a better solution in: 3.82 s	
find a better solution in: 3.83 s	
find a better solution in: 3.83 s	
find a better solution in : 3.94 s	
find a better solution in : 3.94 s	
find a better solution in : 3.94 s	
find a better solution in: 3.95 s	
find a better solution in : 3.96 s	
find a better solution in : 4.01 s	
find a better solution in : 4.04 s	
find a better solution in : 4.06 s	
find a better solution in: 4.18 s	
find a better solution in : 4.18 s	
find a better solution in : 4.18 s	
find a better solution in: 4.18 s	
find a better solution in: 4.18 s	
find a better solution in: 4.19 s	
find a better solution in : 4.19 s	
find a better solution in: 4.19 s	
find a better solution in: 4.19 s	
find a better solution in: 4.19 s	
find a better solution in: 4.20 s	
find a better solution in: 4.20 s	
find a better solution in: 4.20 s	
find a better solution in: 4.20 s	
find a better solution in: 4.20 s	
find a better solution in: 4.25 s	
find a better solution in: 4.25 s	
find a better solution in : 4.25 s	
find a better solution in: 4.25 s	
find a better solution in: 4.26 s	
find a better solution in: 4.26 s	
find a better solution in: 4.26 s	
find a better solution in : 4.26 s	
find a better solution in: 4.27 s	
find a better solution in: 4.27 s	
find a better solution in : 4.59 s	
5 generation time: 4.62 s
*****************************t=5*****************************
find a better solution in: 4.73 s	
find a better solution in : 4.73 s	
find a better solution in: 4.75 s	
find a better solution in : 4.82 s	
find a better solution in : 5.01 s	
find a better solution in : 5.16 s	
find a better solution in : 5.29 s	
find a better solution in : 5.29 s	
find a better solution in: 5.29 s	
find a better solution in: 5.38 s	
find a better solution in: 5.38 s	
find a better solution in: 5.38 s	
find a better solution in : 5.39 s	
6 generation time: 5.54 s
*****************************t=6*****************************
find a better solution in: 5.56 s	
find a better solution in: 5.57 s	
find a better solution in : 5.65 s	
find a better solution in: 5.65 s	
find a better solution in : 5.66 s	
find a better solution in: 5.66 s	
find a better solution in : 5.97 s	
find a better solution in: 5.99 s	
find a better solution in: 5.99 s	
find a better solution in : 5.99 s	
find a better solution in : 6.00 s	
7 generation time: 6.40 s
*****************************t=7*****************************
find a better solution in : 6.44 s	
find a better solution in : 6.44 s	
find a better solution in: 6.45 s	
find a better solution in : 6.45 s	
find a better solution in : 6.50 s	
find a better solution in: 6.50 s	
find a better solution in: 6.51 s	
find a better solution in: 6.52 s	
find a better solution in: 6.52 s	
find a better solution in : 6.58 s	
find a better solution in : 7.04 s	
find a better solution in: 7.06 s	
find a better solution in : 7.07 s	
find a better solution in: 7.08 s	
8 generation time: 7.20 s
*****************************t=8*****************************
find a better solution in : 7.23 s	
find a better solution in : 7.41 s	
find a better solution in : 7.42 s	
find a better solution in : 7.43 s	
find a better solution in : 7.44 s	
find a better solution in: 7.60 s	
find a better solution in: 7.86 s	
find a better solution in: 7.86 s	
find a better solution in: 7.86 s	
find a better solution in : 7.87 s	
find a better solution in : 7.87 s	
find a better solution in: 7.87 s	
find a better solution in: 7.88 s	
find a better solution in: 7.88 s	
find a better solution in: 7.89 s	
find a better solution in: 8.07 s	
find a better solution in: 8.07 s	
find a better solution in : 8.12 s	
find a better solution in: 8.13 s	
find a better solution in : 8.18 s	
find a better solution in: 8.18 s	
9 generation time: 8.33 s
*****************************t=9*****************************
find a better solution in : 8.40 s	
10 generation time: 9.35 s
*****************************t=10*****************************
find a better solution in : 9.54 s	
find a better solution in: 9.54 s	
find a better solution in: 9.55 s	
11 generation time: 10.42 s
*****************************t=11*****************************
find a better solution in : 10.57 s	
12 generation time: 11.35 s
*****************************t=12*****************************
find a better solution in : 11.61 s	
find a better solution in : 12.03 s	
find a better solution in: 12.10 s	
find a better solution in: 12.11 s	
find a better solution in: 12.13 s	
13 generation time: 12.25 s
*****************************t=13*****************************
find a better solution in : 12.28 s	
find a better solution in: 12.31 s	
find a better solution in: 12.32 s	
find a better solution in : 12.59 s	
find a better solution in: 12.60 s	
find a better solution in: 12.61 s	
find a better solution in: 12.61 s	
find a better solution in : 12.69 s	
find a better solution in: 12.69 s	
find a better solution in: 12.69 s	
find a better solution in: 12.92 s	
find a better solution in: 12.93 s	
find a better solution in: 12.93 s	
find a better solution in: 12.98 s	
14 generation time: 13.38 s
*****************************t=14*****************************
find a better solution in : 13.82 s	
15 generation time: 14.19 s
*****************************t=15*****************************
find a better solution in: 14.55 s	
find a better solution in : 14.85 s	
find a better solution in: 14.85 s	
find a better solution in: 14.85 s	
find a better solution in: 14.85 s	
find a better solution in : 14.86 s	
16 generation time: 15.00 s
*****************************t=16*****************************
find a better solution in: 15.22 s	
find a better solution in: 15.60 s	
17 generation time: 15.90 s
*****************************t=17*****************************
find a better solution in: 16.68 s	
18 generation time: 16.82 s
*****************************t=18*****************************
find a better solution in : 17.14 s	
19 generation time: 17.69 s
*****************************t=19*****************************
find a better solution in: 17.73 s	
find a better solution in: 17.74 s	
find a better solution in : 18.28 s	
find a better solution in : 18.29 s	
find a better solution in : 18.45 s	
20 generation time: 18.60 s
*****************************t=20*****************************
find a better solution in : 19.01 s	
find a better solution in: 19.01 s	
21 generation time: 19.39 s
*****************************t=21*****************************
find a better solution in : 19.43 s	
find a better solution in: 19.65 s	
find a better solution in : 19.72 s	
find a better solution in: 19.98 s	
22 generation time: 20.30 s
*****************************t=22*****************************
find a better solution in: 20.59 s	
find a better solution in : 20.91 s	
23 generation time: 21.11 s
*****************************t=23*****************************
find a better solution in: 21.12 s	
find a better solution in: 21.12 s	
find a better solution in: 21.13 s	
find a better solution in : 21.28 s	
find a better solution in : 21.28 s	
find a better solution in: 21.28 s	
find a better solution in : 21.28 s	
find a better solution in: 21.29 s	
24 generation time: 21.93 s
*****************************t=24*****************************
find a better solution in : 22.29 s	
find a better solution in : 22.57 s	
25 generation time: 23.13 s
*****************************t=25*****************************
find a better solution in : 23.51 s	
find a better solution in: 23.51 s	
find a better solution in: 23.52 s	
26 generation time: 23.85 s
*****************************t=26*****************************
27 generation time: 24.62 s
*****************************t=27*****************************
28 generation time: 25.54 s
*****************************t=28*****************************
find a better solution in: 25.70 s	
29 generation time: 26.40 s
*****************************t=29*****************************
find a better solution in : 26.62 s	
find a better solution in: 26.62 s	
find a better solution in: 26.62 s	
find a better solution in: 26.63 s	
find a better solution in : 26.63 s	
30 generation time: 27.25 s
*****************************t=30*****************************
find a better solution in: 28.03 s	
31 generation time: 28.27 s
*****************************t=31*****************************
find a better solution in : 28.56 s	
find a better solution in : 28.61 s	
find a better solution in: 28.61 s	
32 generation time: 29.10 s
*****************************t=32*****************************
33 generation time: 30.19 s
*****************************t=33*****************************
34 generation time: 31.18 s
*****************************t=34*****************************
find a better solution in : 31.77 s	
find a better solution in: 31.77 s	
35 generation time: 31.99 s
*****************************t=35*****************************
36 generation time: 33.16 s
*****************************t=36*****************************
find a better solution in : 33.22 s	
37 generation time: 34.02 s
*****************************t=37*****************************
38 generation time: 34.92 s
*****************************t=38*****************************
find a better solution in : 35.09 s	
39 generation time: 35.77 s
*****************************t=39*****************************
find a better solution in: 36.24 s	
40 generation time: 36.49 s
*****************************t=40*****************************
find a better solution in : 36.76 s	
find a better solution in: 36.77 s	
find a better solution in: 36.78 s	
41 generation time: 37.35 s
*****************************t=41*****************************
42 generation time: 38.36 s
*****************************t=42*****************************
find a better solution in : 38.58 s	
find a better solution in: 38.58 s	
find a better solution in : 39.10 s	
43 generation time: 39.13 s
*****************************t=43*****************************
44 generation time: 39.98 s
*****************************t=44*****************************
45 generation time: 40.81 s
*****************************t=45*****************************
46 generation time: 41.61 s
*****************************t=46*****************************
find a better solution in : 42.00 s	
47 generation time: 42.43 s
*****************************t=47*****************************
find a better solution in: 42.65 s	
find a better solution in : 42.83 s	
48 generation time: 43.30 s
*****************************t=48*****************************
find a better solution in : 43.66 s	
49 generation time: 44.08 s
*****************************t=49*****************************
find a better solution in : 44.31 s	
find a better solution in : 44.31 s	
find a better solution in: 44.63 s	
find a better solution in: 44.63 s	
50 generation time: 44.79 s
*****************************t=50*****************************
find a better solution in: 45.04 s	
51 generation time: 45.53 s
*****************************t=51*****************************
find a better solution in : 45.56 s	
find a better solution in : 45.57 s	
52 generation time: 46.33 s
*****************************t=52*****************************
find a better solution in: 46.90 s	
find a better solution in: 46.90 s	
find a better solution in : 46.91 s	
53 generation time: 47.11 s
*****************************t=53*****************************
find a better solution in : 47.11 s	
find a better solution in: 47.12 s	
54 generation time: 48.13 s
*****************************t=54*****************************
find a better solution in : 48.59 s	
find a better solution in: 48.59 s	
find a better solution in : 48.71 s	
55 generation time: 48.85 s
*****************************t=55*****************************
find a better solution in : 49.33 s	
find a better solution in: 49.34 s	
56 generation time: 49.58 s
*****************************t=56*****************************
find a better solution in : 49.70 s	
find a better solution in: 49.70 s	
find a better solution in : 50.23 s	
57 generation time: 50.38 s
*****************************t=57*****************************
58 generation time: 51.20 s
*****************************t=58*****************************
59 generation time: 52.04 s
*****************************t=59*****************************
60 generation time: 53.04 s
*****************************t=60*****************************
find a better solution in : 53.25 s	
find a better solution in: 53.61 s	
61 generation time: 53.80 s
*****************************t=61*****************************
62 generation time: 54.66 s
*****************************t=62*****************************
63 generation time: 55.84 s
*****************************t=63*****************************
64 generation time: 56.81 s
*****************************t=64*****************************
find a better solution in : 57.41 s	
65 generation time: 57.93 s
*****************************t=65*****************************
66 generation time: 58.90 s
*****************************t=66*****************************
67 generation time: 59.74 s
*****************************t=67*****************************
68 generation time: 60.61 s
*****************************t=68*****************************
find a better solution in: 60.86 s	
69 generation time: 61.44 s
*****************************t=69*****************************
70 generation time: 62.22 s
*****************************t=70*****************************
71 generation time: 63.21 s
*****************************t=71*****************************
72 generation time: 63.90 s
*****************************t=72*****************************
find a better solution in : 64.69 s	
73 generation time: 64.73 s
*****************************t=73*****************************
74 generation time: 65.47 s
*****************************t=74*****************************
75 generation time: 66.23 s
*****************************t=75*****************************
76 generation time: 67.00 s
*****************************t=76*****************************
77 generation time: 67.93 s
*****************************t=77*****************************
find a better solution in : 68.36 s	
find a better solution in: 68.36 s	
find a better solution in: 68.37 s	
find a better solution in: 68.37 s	
78 generation time: 68.77 s
*****************************t=78*****************************
find a better solution in : 68.79 s	
find a better solution in: 68.83 s	
find a better solution in: 68.83 s	
find a better solution in: 69.60 s	
79 generation time: 69.63 s
*****************************t=79*****************************
find a better solution in : 70.39 s	
80 generation time: 70.42 s
*****************************t=80*****************************
find a better solution in: 70.81 s	
81 generation time: 71.26 s
*****************************t=81*****************************
82 generation time: 72.01 s
*****************************t=82*****************************
find a better solution in: 72.20 s	
find a better solution in: 72.20 s	
83 generation time: 72.95 s
*****************************t=83*****************************
84 generation time: 73.78 s
*****************************t=84*****************************
85 generation time: 74.61 s
*****************************t=85*****************************
86 generation time: 75.47 s
*****************************t=86*****************************
87 generation time: 76.25 s
*****************************t=87*****************************
88 generation time: 77.00 s
*****************************t=88*****************************
89 generation time: 77.93 s
*****************************t=89*****************************
find a better solution in: 78.20 s	
90 generation time: 78.67 s
*****************************t=90*****************************
91 generation time: 79.42 s
*****************************t=91*****************************
find a better solution in: 79.93 s	
92 generation time: 80.17 s
*****************************t=92*****************************
93 generation time: 80.89 s
*****************************t=93*****************************
94 generation time: 81.64 s
*****************************t=94*****************************
find a better solution in : 81.73 s	
find a better solution in: 81.74 s	
find a better solution in: 81.77 s	
find a better solution in : 81.77 s	
find a better solution in: 81.77 s	
find a better solution in: 81.89 s	
95 generation time: 82.38 s
*****************************t=95*****************************
96 generation time: 83.37 s
*****************************t=96*****************************
97 generation time: 84.20 s
*****************************t=97*****************************
98 generation time: 85.01 s
*****************************t=98*****************************
99 generation time: 85.88 s
*****************************t=99*****************************
find a better solution in : 86.52 s	
100 generation time: 86.65 s
*****************************t=100*****************************
101 generation time: 87.37 s
*****************************t=101*****************************
102 generation time: 88.29 s
*****************************t=102*****************************
find a better solution in : 88.51 s	
103 generation time: 88.99 s
*****************************t=103*****************************
104 generation time: 89.88 s
*****************************t=104*****************************
105 generation time: 90.69 s
*****************************t=105*****************************
106 generation time: 91.48 s
*****************************t=106*****************************
find a better solution in : 91.93 s	
107 generation time: 92.30 s
*****************************t=107*****************************
find a better solution in: 93.00 s	
find a better solution in: 93.01 s	
find a better solution in : 93.12 s	
find a better solution in: 93.12 s	
find a better solution in : 93.12 s	
108 generation time: 93.37 s
*****************************t=108*****************************
109 generation time: 94.16 s
*****************************t=109*****************************
110 generation time: 94.92 s
*****************************t=110*****************************
111 generation time: 95.75 s
*****************************t=111*****************************
112 generation time: 96.56 s
*****************************t=112*****************************
113 generation time: 97.37 s
*****************************t=113*****************************
114 generation time: 98.28 s
*****************************t=114*****************************
115 generation time: 98.95 s
*****************************t=115*****************************
116 generation time: 99.73 s
*****************************t=116*****************************
find a better solution in: 99.82 s	
117 generation time: 100.49 s
*****************************t=117*****************************
118 generation time: 101.33 s
*****************************t=118*****************************
119 generation time: 102.11 s
*****************************t=119*****************************
120 generation time: 103.25 s
*****************************t=120*****************************
121 generation time: 104.09 s
*****************************t=121*****************************
122 generation time: 104.99 s
*****************************t=122*****************************
123 generation time: 105.74 s
*****************************t=123*****************************
124 generation time: 106.55 s
*****************************t=124*****************************
125 generation time: 107.34 s
*****************************t=125*****************************
126 generation time: 108.39 s
*****************************t=126*****************************
127 generation time: 109.24 s
*****************************t=127*****************************
128 generation time: 110.03 s
*****************************t=128*****************************
find a better solution in : 110.45 s	
129 generation time: 110.84 s
*****************************t=129*****************************
130 generation time: 111.69 s
*****************************t=130*****************************
find a better solution in: 112.20 s	
131 generation time: 112.48 s
*****************************t=131*****************************
find a better solution in : 113.04 s	
132 generation time: 113.47 s
*****************************t=132*****************************
133 generation time: 114.29 s
*****************************t=133*****************************
134 generation time: 115.19 s
*****************************t=134*****************************
find a better solution in : 115.40 s	
135 generation time: 116.15 s
*****************************t=135*****************************
136 generation time: 116.93 s
*****************************t=136*****************************
137 generation time: 117.86 s
*****************************t=137*****************************
138 generation time: 118.68 s
*****************************t=138*****************************
139 generation time: 119.89 s
*****************************t=139*****************************
140 generation time: 121.03 s
*****************************t=140*****************************
find a better solution in: 121.98 s	
141 generation time: 122.04 s
*****************************t=141*****************************
142 generation time: 123.02 s
*****************************t=142*****************************
find a better solution in: 123.45 s	
find a better solution in: 123.54 s	
143 generation time: 123.75 s
*****************************t=143*****************************
find a better solution in : 123.81 s	
find a better solution in: 124.52 s	
144 generation time: 124.55 s
*****************************t=144*****************************
145 generation time: 125.55 s
*****************************t=145*****************************
146 generation time: 126.80 s
*****************************t=146*****************************
find a better solution in: 127.30 s	
147 generation time: 127.68 s
*****************************t=147*****************************
148 generation time: 128.50 s
*****************************t=148*****************************
149 generation time: 129.24 s
*****************************t=149*****************************
150 generation time: 129.99 s
*****************************t=150*****************************
151 generation time: 130.87 s
*****************************t=151*****************************
152 generation time: 131.63 s
*****************************t=152*****************************
153 generation time: 132.49 s
*****************************t=153*****************************
find a better solution in : 133.28 s	
154 generation time: 133.55 s
*****************************t=154*****************************
155 generation time: 134.34 s
*****************************t=155*****************************
156 generation time: 135.15 s
*****************************t=156*****************************
157 generation time: 135.95 s
*****************************t=157*****************************
158 generation time: 136.74 s
*****************************t=158*****************************
find a better solution in : 137.20 s	
159 generation time: 137.60 s
*****************************t=159*****************************
160 generation time: 138.64 s
*****************************t=160*****************************
161 generation time: 139.51 s
*****************************t=161*****************************
162 generation time: 140.24 s
*****************************t=162*****************************
find a better solution in: 140.56 s	
find a better solution in: 140.56 s	
163 generation time: 141.02 s
*****************************t=163*****************************
164 generation time: 141.88 s
*****************************t=164*****************************
165 generation time: 142.78 s
*****************************t=165*****************************
166 generation time: 143.78 s
*****************************t=166*****************************
167 generation time: 144.62 s
*****************************t=167*****************************
168 generation time: 145.50 s
*****************************t=168*****************************
find a better solution in : 145.76 s	
169 generation time: 146.25 s
*****************************t=169*****************************
170 generation time: 147.01 s
*****************************t=170*****************************
171 generation time: 148.15 s
*****************************t=171*****************************
172 generation time: 148.96 s
*****************************t=172*****************************
173 generation time: 149.82 s
*****************************t=173*****************************
174 generation time: 150.55 s
*****************************t=174*****************************
175 generation time: 151.34 s
*****************************t=175*****************************
176 generation time: 152.07 s
*****************************t=176*****************************
177 generation time: 153.04 s
*****************************t=177*****************************
178 generation time: 153.77 s
*****************************t=178*****************************
179 generation time: 154.66 s
*****************************t=179*****************************
180 generation time: 155.46 s
*****************************t=180*****************************
181 generation time: 156.31 s
*****************************t=181*****************************
182 generation time: 157.02 s
*****************************t=182*****************************
find a better solution in : 157.10 s	
183 generation time: 157.95 s
*****************************t=183*****************************
find a better solution in: 158.26 s	
184 generation time: 158.70 s
*****************************t=184*****************************
185 generation time: 159.48 s
*****************************t=185*****************************
186 generation time: 160.21 s
*****************************t=186*****************************
find a better solution in : 160.85 s	
187 generation time: 160.98 s
*****************************t=187*****************************
188 generation time: 161.84 s
*****************************t=188*****************************
189 generation time: 162.64 s
*****************************t=189*****************************
190 generation time: 163.49 s
*****************************t=190*****************************
191 generation time: 164.19 s
*****************************t=191*****************************
192 generation time: 164.98 s
*****************************t=192*****************************
193 generation time: 165.74 s
*****************************t=193*****************************
194 generation time: 166.53 s
*****************************t=194*****************************
195 generation time: 167.41 s
*****************************t=195*****************************
find a better solution in: 168.32 s	
196 generation time: 168.59 s
*****************************t=196*****************************
find a better solution in: 169.35 s	
197 generation time: 169.54 s
*****************************t=197*****************************
find a better solution in : 170.04 s	
find a better solution in : 170.23 s	
198 generation time: 170.27 s
*****************************t=198*****************************
199 generation time: 171.07 s
*****************************t=199*****************************
find a better solution in: 171.17 s	
200 generation time: 171.72 s
*****************************t=200*****************************
201 generation time: 172.50 s
*****************************t=201*****************************
202 generation time: 173.47 s
*****************************t=202*****************************
find a better solution in : 173.70 s	
203 generation time: 174.29 s
*****************************t=203*****************************
204 generation time: 175.05 s
*****************************t=204*****************************
205 generation time: 175.86 s
*****************************t=205*****************************
206 generation time: 176.66 s
*****************************t=206*****************************
207 generation time: 177.46 s
*****************************t=207*****************************
208 generation time: 178.51 s
*****************************t=208*****************************
209 generation time: 179.32 s
*****************************t=209*****************************
210 generation time: 180.16 s
*****************************t=210*****************************
211 generation time: 180.87 s
*****************************t=211*****************************
212 generation time: 181.60 s
*****************************t=212*****************************
find a better solution in : 182.48 s	
213 generation time: 182.53 s
*****************************t=213*****************************
214 generation time: 183.63 s
*****************************t=214*****************************
215 generation time: 184.72 s
*****************************t=215*****************************
216 generation time: 185.66 s
*****************************t=216*****************************
217 generation time: 186.51 s
*****************************t=217*****************************
218 generation time: 187.26 s
*****************************t=218*****************************
219 generation time: 188.19 s
*****************************t=219*****************************
220 generation time: 188.93 s
*****************************t=220*****************************
221 generation time: 189.71 s
*****************************t=221*****************************
222 generation time: 190.55 s
*****************************t=222*****************************
223 generation time: 191.37 s
*****************************t=223*****************************
224 generation time: 192.43 s
*****************************t=224*****************************
225 generation time: 194.02 s
*****************************t=225*****************************
226 generation time: 195.03 s
*****************************t=226*****************************
227 generation time: 196.08 s
*****************************t=227*****************************
228 generation time: 196.96 s
*****************************t=228*****************************
229 generation time: 197.90 s
*****************************t=229*****************************
230 generation time: 198.95 s
*****************************t=230*****************************
231 generation time: 199.76 s
*****************************t=231*****************************
find a better solution in : 199.90 s	
232 generation time: 200.45 s
*****************************t=232*****************************
233 generation time: 201.19 s
*****************************t=233*****************************
find a better solution in: 201.68 s	
find a better solution in: 201.69 s	
234 generation time: 201.98 s
*****************************t=234*****************************
235 generation time: 202.82 s
*****************************t=235*****************************
236 generation time: 203.65 s
*****************************t=236*****************************
237 generation time: 204.36 s
*****************************t=237*****************************
238 generation time: 205.05 s
*****************************t=238*****************************
find a better solution in : 205.45 s	
239 generation time: 205.77 s
*****************************t=239*****************************
240 generation time: 206.52 s
*****************************t=240*****************************
241 generation time: 207.26 s
*****************************t=241*****************************
242 generation time: 208.18 s
*****************************t=242*****************************
243 generation time: 208.94 s
*****************************t=243*****************************
244 generation time: 209.62 s
*****************************t=244*****************************
245 generation time: 210.37 s
*****************************t=245*****************************
246 generation time: 211.25 s
*****************************t=246*****************************
247 generation time: 211.94 s
*****************************t=247*****************************
248 generation time: 213.00 s
*****************************t=248*****************************
249 generation time: 213.91 s
*****************************t=249*****************************
250 generation time: 214.82 s
*****************************t=250*****************************
251 generation time: 215.70 s
*****************************t=251*****************************
252 generation time: 216.56 s
*****************************t=252*****************************
253 generation time: 217.41 s
*****************************t=253*****************************
254 generation time: 218.23 s
*****************************t=254*****************************
255 generation time: 219.02 s
*****************************t=255*****************************
256 generation time: 219.76 s
*****************************t=256*****************************
find a better solution in: 220.47 s	
257 generation time: 220.50 s
*****************************t=257*****************************
258 generation time: 221.47 s
*****************************t=258*****************************
259 generation time: 222.18 s
*****************************t=259*****************************
260 generation time: 223.07 s
*****************************t=260*****************************
261 generation time: 223.73 s
*****************************t=261*****************************
262 generation time: 224.57 s
*****************************t=262*****************************
263 generation time: 225.33 s
*****************************t=263*****************************
264 generation time: 226.14 s
*****************************t=264*****************************
265 generation time: 226.84 s
*****************************t=265*****************************
266 generation time: 227.78 s
*****************************t=266*****************************
267 generation time: 228.69 s
*****************************t=267*****************************
268 generation time: 229.56 s
*****************************t=268*****************************
269 generation time: 230.31 s
*****************************t=269*****************************
270 generation time: 231.18 s
*****************************t=270*****************************
find a better solution in : 231.44 s	
271 generation time: 231.97 s
*****************************t=271*****************************
272 generation time: 233.12 s
*****************************t=272*****************************
273 generation time: 234.06 s
*****************************t=273*****************************
274 generation time: 234.83 s
*****************************t=274*****************************
275 generation time: 235.62 s
*****************************t=275*****************************
276 generation time: 236.41 s
*****************************t=276*****************************
277 generation time: 237.37 s
*****************************t=277*****************************
278 generation time: 238.32 s
*****************************t=278*****************************
279 generation time: 239.12 s
*****************************t=279*****************************
280 generation time: 239.89 s
*****************************t=280*****************************
281 generation time: 240.78 s
*****************************t=281*****************************
282 generation time: 241.55 s
*****************************t=282*****************************
283 generation time: 242.46 s
*****************************t=283*****************************
284 generation time: 243.63 s
*****************************t=284*****************************
285 generation time: 244.34 s
*****************************t=285*****************************
286 generation time: 245.13 s
*****************************t=286*****************************
287 generation time: 245.84 s
*****************************t=287*****************************
288 generation time: 246.60 s
*****************************t=288*****************************
289 generation time: 247.36 s
*****************************t=289*****************************
290 generation time: 248.28 s
*****************************t=290*****************************
291 generation time: 249.02 s
*****************************t=291*****************************
find a better solution in: 249.56 s	
292 generation time: 249.75 s
*****************************t=292*****************************
293 generation time: 250.66 s
*****************************t=293*****************************
294 generation time: 251.52 s
*****************************t=294*****************************
295 generation time: 252.47 s
*****************************t=295*****************************
296 generation time: 253.51 s
*****************************t=296*****************************
297 generation time: 254.40 s
*****************************t=297*****************************
298 generation time: 255.22 s
*****************************t=298*****************************
299 generation time: 256.22 s
*****************************t=299*****************************
300 generation time: 257.21 s
*****************************t=300*****************************
301 generation time: 258.36 s
*****************************t=301*****************************
302 generation time: 259.36 s
*****************************t=302*****************************
303 generation time: 260.35 s
*****************************t=303*****************************
304 generation time: 261.13 s
*****************************t=304*****************************
305 generation time: 261.89 s
*****************************t=305*****************************
306 generation time: 262.95 s
*****************************t=306*****************************
307 generation time: 263.73 s
*****************************t=307*****************************
308 generation time: 264.41 s
*****************************t=308*****************************
309 generation time: 265.16 s
*****************************t=309*****************************
310 generation time: 265.85 s
*****************************t=310*****************************
311 generation time: 266.58 s
*****************************t=311*****************************
312 generation time: 267.36 s
*****************************t=312*****************************
find a better solution in: 267.94 s	
find a better solution in: 267.94 s	
313 generation time: 268.24 s
*****************************t=313*****************************
314 generation time: 268.93 s
*****************************t=314*****************************
315 generation time: 269.76 s
*****************************t=315*****************************
316 generation time: 270.48 s
*****************************t=316*****************************
317 generation time: 271.19 s
*****************************t=317*****************************
find a better solution in: 271.44 s	
318 generation time: 271.90 s
*****************************t=318*****************************
find a better solution in: 272.48 s	
319 generation time: 272.78 s
*****************************t=319*****************************
find a better solution in : 273.63 s	
320 generation time: 273.77 s
*****************************t=320*****************************
321 generation time: 274.53 s
*****************************t=321*****************************
322 generation time: 275.30 s
*****************************t=322*****************************
323 generation time: 275.97 s
*****************************t=323*****************************
324 generation time: 276.82 s
*****************************t=324*****************************
325 generation time: 278.00 s
*****************************t=325*****************************
326 generation time: 278.96 s
*****************************t=326*****************************
find a better solution in: 279.43 s	
327 generation time: 279.78 s
*****************************t=327*****************************
328 generation time: 280.64 s
*****************************t=328*****************************
find a better solution in: 281.62 s	
329 generation time: 281.66 s
*****************************t=329*****************************
330 generation time: 282.55 s
*****************************t=330*****************************
331 generation time: 283.82 s
*****************************t=331*****************************
332 generation time: 284.82 s
*****************************t=332*****************************
333 generation time: 285.76 s
*****************************t=333*****************************
334 generation time: 286.75 s
*****************************t=334*****************************
335 generation time: 287.51 s
*****************************t=335*****************************
336 generation time: 288.42 s
*****************************t=336*****************************
337 generation time: 289.13 s
*****************************t=337*****************************
338 generation time: 289.91 s
*****************************t=338*****************************
339 generation time: 290.72 s
*****************************t=339*****************************
340 generation time: 291.70 s
*****************************t=340*****************************
341 generation time: 293.03 s
*****************************t=341*****************************
342 generation time: 293.98 s
*****************************t=342*****************************
343 generation time: 294.81 s
*****************************t=343*****************************
344 generation time: 295.71 s
*****************************t=344*****************************
345 generation time: 296.71 s
*****************************t=345*****************************
346 generation time: 297.65 s
*****************************t=346*****************************
347 generation time: 298.83 s
*****************************t=347*****************************
348 generation time: 300.10 s
*****************************t=348*****************************
349 generation time: 301.46 s
*****************************t=349*****************************
350 generation time: 302.38 s
*****************************t=350*****************************
351 generation time: 303.35 s
*****************************t=351*****************************
352 generation time: 304.20 s
*****************************t=352*****************************
353 generation time: 304.99 s
*****************************t=353*****************************
354 generation time: 305.79 s
*****************************t=354*****************************
355 generation time: 306.64 s
*****************************t=355*****************************
356 generation time: 307.44 s
*****************************t=356*****************************
357 generation time: 308.61 s
*****************************t=357*****************************
358 generation time: 309.50 s
*****************************t=358*****************************
359 generation time: 310.29 s
*****************************t=359*****************************
360 generation time: 311.27 s
*****************************t=360*****************************
361 generation time: 312.04 s
*****************************t=361*****************************
362 generation time: 313.13 s
*****************************t=362*****************************
363 generation time: 314.02 s
*****************************t=363*****************************
364 generation time: 314.82 s
*****************************t=364*****************************
365 generation time: 315.52 s
*****************************t=365*****************************
366 generation time: 316.38 s
*****************************t=366*****************************
367 generation time: 317.15 s
*****************************t=367*****************************
368 generation time: 318.14 s
*****************************t=368*****************************
369 generation time: 319.00 s
*****************************t=369*****************************
370 generation time: 319.80 s
*****************************t=370*****************************
371 generation time: 320.53 s
*****************************t=371*****************************
372 generation time: 321.36 s
*****************************t=372*****************************
373 generation time: 322.17 s
*****************************t=373*****************************
374 generation time: 323.12 s
*****************************t=374*****************************
375 generation time: 323.89 s
*****************************t=375*****************************
376 generation time: 324.59 s
*****************************t=376*****************************
find a better solution in : 325.19 s	
find a better solution in: 325.19 s	
377 generation time: 325.30 s
*****************************t=377*****************************
378 generation time: 325.99 s
*****************************t=378*****************************
379 generation time: 326.72 s
*****************************t=379*****************************
380 generation time: 327.46 s
*****************************t=380*****************************
381 generation time: 328.44 s
*****************************t=381*****************************
382 generation time: 329.19 s
*****************************t=382*****************************
383 generation time: 330.00 s
*****************************t=383*****************************
find a better solution in: 330.44 s	
384 generation time: 330.66 s
*****************************t=384*****************************
385 generation time: 331.33 s
*****************************t=385*****************************
386 generation time: 332.07 s
*****************************t=386*****************************
387 generation time: 332.86 s
*****************************t=387*****************************
388 generation time: 333.60 s
*****************************t=388*****************************
389 generation time: 334.26 s
*****************************t=389*****************************
390 generation time: 334.96 s
*****************************t=390*****************************
find a better solution in: 335.39 s	
find a better solution in: 335.39 s	
391 generation time: 335.69 s
*****************************t=391*****************************
392 generation time: 336.43 s
*****************************t=392*****************************
393 generation time: 337.25 s
*****************************t=393*****************************
394 generation time: 338.04 s
*****************************t=394*****************************
find a better solution in: 338.07 s	
395 generation time: 338.71 s
*****************************t=395*****************************
396 generation time: 339.39 s
*****************************t=396*****************************
397 generation time: 340.10 s
*****************************t=397*****************************
398 generation time: 340.78 s
*****************************t=398*****************************
399 generation time: 341.45 s
*****************************t=399*****************************
400 generation time: 342.11 s
*****************************t=400*****************************
401 generation time: 342.94 s
*****************************t=401*****************************
402 generation time: 343.70 s
*****************************t=402*****************************
403 generation time: 344.37 s
*****************************t=403*****************************
404 generation time: 345.11 s
*****************************t=404*****************************
405 generation time: 345.82 s
*****************************t=405*****************************
406 generation time: 346.67 s
*****************************t=406*****************************
407 generation time: 347.43 s
*****************************t=407*****************************
408 generation time: 348.49 s
*****************************t=408*****************************
409 generation time: 349.19 s
*****************************t=409*****************************
410 generation time: 349.95 s
*****************************t=410*****************************
411 generation time: 350.72 s
*****************************t=411*****************************
412 generation time: 351.51 s
*****************************t=412*****************************
413 generation time: 352.31 s
*****************************t=413*****************************
414 generation time: 353.31 s
*****************************t=414*****************************
415 generation time: 354.09 s
*****************************t=415*****************************
416 generation time: 354.83 s
*****************************t=416*****************************
find a better solution in: 354.91 s	
417 generation time: 355.61 s
*****************************t=417*****************************
418 generation time: 356.32 s
*****************************t=418*****************************
419 generation time: 357.01 s
*****************************t=419*****************************
420 generation time: 358.07 s
*****************************t=420*****************************
421 generation time: 358.84 s
*****************************t=421*****************************
422 generation time: 359.51 s
*****************************t=422*****************************
423 generation time: 360.27 s
*****************************t=423*****************************
424 generation time: 361.16 s
*****************************t=424*****************************
425 generation time: 361.83 s
*****************************t=425*****************************
426 generation time: 362.57 s
*****************************t=426*****************************
427 generation time: 363.37 s
*****************************t=427*****************************
428 generation time: 364.15 s
*****************************t=428*****************************
429 generation time: 364.89 s
*****************************t=429*****************************
430 generation time: 365.63 s
*****************************t=430*****************************
431 generation time: 366.43 s
*****************************t=431*****************************
432 generation time: 367.10 s
*****************************t=432*****************************
433 generation time: 367.99 s
*****************************t=433*****************************
434 generation time: 368.68 s
*****************************t=434*****************************
435 generation time: 369.46 s
*****************************t=435*****************************
436 generation time: 370.28 s
*****************************t=436*****************************
437 generation time: 371.02 s
*****************************t=437*****************************
438 generation time: 371.72 s
*****************************t=438*****************************
439 generation time: 372.42 s
*****************************t=439*****************************
440 generation time: 373.30 s
*****************************t=440*****************************
441 generation time: 374.05 s
*****************************t=441*****************************
442 generation time: 374.90 s
*****************************t=442*****************************
443 generation time: 375.77 s
*****************************t=443*****************************
444 generation time: 376.63 s
*****************************t=444*****************************
445 generation time: 377.34 s
*****************************t=445*****************************
446 generation time: 378.24 s
*****************************t=446*****************************
447 generation time: 379.02 s
*****************************t=447*****************************
448 generation time: 379.76 s
*****************************t=448*****************************
449 generation time: 380.43 s
*****************************t=449*****************************
450 generation time: 381.25 s
*****************************t=450*****************************
451 generation time: 382.02 s
*****************************t=451*****************************
452 generation time: 382.92 s
*****************************t=452*****************************
453 generation time: 383.68 s
*****************************t=453*****************************
454 generation time: 384.43 s
*****************************t=454*****************************
455 generation time: 385.08 s
*****************************t=455*****************************
456 generation time: 385.81 s
*****************************t=456*****************************
457 generation time: 386.45 s
*****************************t=457*****************************
458 generation time: 387.10 s
*****************************t=458*****************************
459 generation time: 387.82 s
*****************************t=459*****************************
460 generation time: 388.54 s
*****************************t=460*****************************
461 generation time: 389.24 s
*****************************t=461*****************************
462 generation time: 389.90 s
*****************************t=462*****************************
463 generation time: 390.61 s
*****************************t=463*****************************
464 generation time: 391.26 s
*****************************t=464*****************************
465 generation time: 392.00 s
*****************************t=465*****************************
466 generation time: 392.76 s
*****************************t=466*****************************
467 generation time: 393.58 s
*****************************t=467*****************************
468 generation time: 394.29 s
*****************************t=468*****************************
469 generation time: 394.90 s
*****************************t=469*****************************
470 generation time: 395.55 s
*****************************t=470*****************************
471 generation time: 396.31 s
*****************************t=471*****************************
472 generation time: 397.10 s
*****************************t=472*****************************
473 generation time: 398.01 s
*****************************t=473*****************************
474 generation time: 398.78 s
*****************************t=474*****************************
475 generation time: 399.47 s
*****************************t=475*****************************
476 generation time: 400.18 s
[138395.00,9631.50,132385.30],
[132694.00,11689.00,130345.80],
[150687.00,692.50,144885.70],
[133711.00,23342.50,125542.90],
[143165.00,32323.00,124329.15],
[148661.00,62417.00,120182.20],
[140460.00,3255.00,144438.00],
[143120.00,43918.50,122414.75],
[161863.00,90821.00,116629.75],
[150597.00,692.50,145247.60],
[132706.00,14764.50,128446.55],
[141165.00,7152.50,139301.45],
[163743.00,115271.00,114424.90],
[143180.00,30361.00,124340.30],
[161330.00,111397.00,116635.75],
[148665.00,53341.00,121143.10],
[149158.00,5133.00,137232.75],
[148657.00,67478.50,118474.95],
[133726.00,21380.50,125701.50],
[160568.00,640.50,150574.50],
[143108.00,47792.50,122363.10],
[143177.00,41943.00,124145.75],
[161878.00,88859.00,116786.10],
[149173.00,2600.50,142491.50],
[132694.00,14788.50,128444.75],
[149972.00,2405.00,143407.50],
[149149.00,2624.50,142484.30],
[139148.00,43918.50,125308.15],
[132709.00,10914.50,130227.10],
[132721.00,10890.50,130230.70],
[160116.00,1630.50,141367.25],
[141150.00,7927.00,139354.90],
[143235.00,9631.50,131543.45],
[143250.00,10819.00,131527.00],
[140276.00,6873.00,144190.60],
[140210.00,6873.00,144264.60],
[151139.00,1630.50,143657.60],
[148665.00,57215.00,120866.85],
[149134.00,5157.00,137227.35],
[163739.00,134957.00,112950.25],
[220505.00,134957.00,112267.15],
[160105.00,1630.50,143404.25],
[132706.00,11665.00,130345.80],
[160101.00,2405.00,141418.90],
[150679.00,722.50,144498.90],
[133711.00,27216.50,125471.15],
[161806.00,111397.00,114701.15],
[163815.00,92733.00,116509.85],
[143165.00,41967.00,124143.95],
[169540.00,570.50,161698.00],
[218572.00,129895.50,113683.25],
[138410.00,10819.00,132037.45],
[161328.00,111397.00,116716.25],
[139148.00,47792.50,124747.85],
[149166.00,2600.50,144824.70],
[143120.00,47792.50,122138.50],
[245974.00,158299.50,112120.10],
[140264.00,6873.00,144230.00],
[246875.00,160211.50,111990.35],
[161863.00,94695.00,116558.00],
[143104.00,67478.50,123959.60],
[149134.00,3399.00,142537.75],
[140430.00,5217.00,144342.00],
[143165.00,67478.50,121384.25],
[247911.00,162173.50,111843.85],
[256203.00,178875.50,109708.45],
[149138.00,2624.50,144511.20],
[163800.00,94695.00,116353.50],
[143108.00,43918.50,124402.90],
[148642.00,67478.50,119653.45],
[150107.00,722.50,144822.50],
[143737.00,67478.50,121163.15],
x=[138395.00 132694.00 150687.00 133711.00 143165.00 148661.00 140460.00 143120.00 161863.00 150597.00 132706.00 141165.00 163743.00 143180.00 161330.00 148665.00 149158.00 148657.00 133726.00 160568.00 143108.00 143177.00 161878.00 149173.00 132694.00 149972.00 149149.00 139148.00 132709.00 132721.00 160116.00 141150.00 143235.00 143250.00 140276.00 140210.00 151139.00 148665.00 149134.00 163739.00 220505.00 160105.00 132706.00 160101.00 150679.00 133711.00 161806.00 163815.00 143165.00 169540.00 218572.00 138410.00 161328.00 139148.00 149166.00 143120.00 245974.00 140264.00 246875.00 161863.00 143104.00 149134.00 140430.00 143165.00 247911.00 256203.00 149138.00 163800.00 143108.00 148642.00 150107.00 143737.00 ];
y=[9631.50 11689.00 692.50 23342.50 32323.00 62417.00 3255.00 43918.50 90821.00 692.50 14764.50 7152.50 115271.00 30361.00 111397.00 53341.00 5133.00 67478.50 21380.50 640.50 47792.50 41943.00 88859.00 2600.50 14788.50 2405.00 2624.50 43918.50 10914.50 10890.50 1630.50 7927.00 9631.50 10819.00 6873.00 6873.00 1630.50 57215.00 5157.00 134957.00 134957.00 1630.50 11665.00 2405.00 722.50 27216.50 111397.00 92733.00 41967.00 570.50 129895.50 10819.00 111397.00 47792.50 2600.50 47792.50 158299.50 6873.00 160211.50 94695.00 67478.50 3399.00 5217.00 67478.50 162173.50 178875.50 2624.50 94695.00 43918.50 67478.50 722.50 67478.50 ];
z=[132385.30 130345.80 144885.70 125542.90 124329.15 120182.20 144438.00 122414.75 116629.75 145247.60 128446.55 139301.45 114424.90 124340.30 116635.75 121143.10 137232.75 118474.95 125701.50 150574.50 122363.10 124145.75 116786.10 142491.50 128444.75 143407.50 142484.30 125308.15 130227.10 130230.70 141367.25 139354.90 131543.45 131527.00 144190.60 144264.60 143657.60 120866.85 137227.35 112950.25 112267.15 143404.25 130345.80 141418.90 144498.90 125471.15 114701.15 116509.85 124143.95 161698.00 113683.25 132037.45 116716.25 124747.85 144824.70 122138.50 112120.10 144230.00 111990.35 116558.00 123959.60 142537.75 144342.00 121384.25 111843.85 109708.45 144511.20 116353.50 124402.90 119653.45 144822.50 121163.15 ];
tot = 144
total time: 400.24 s
