m = 4 n = 32
pop = 30 gen = 400
init...begin
init...done
*****************************t=0*****************************
find a better solution in: 0.02 s	
find a better solution in: 0.02 s	
find a better solution in : 0.02 s	
find a better solution in: 0.02 s	
find a better solution in: 0.02 s	
find a better solution in: 0.02 s	
find a better solution in : 0.03 s	
find a better solution in: 0.03 s	
find a better solution in : 0.03 s	
find a better solution in: 0.05 s	
find a better solution in: 0.05 s	
find a better solution in: 0.05 s	
find a better solution in : 0.06 s	
find a better solution in: 0.06 s	
find a better solution in : 0.06 s	
find a better solution in: 0.08 s	
find a better solution in: 0.08 s	
find a better solution in : 0.09 s	
find a better solution in : 0.11 s	
find a better solution in: 0.13 s	
find a better solution in : 0.13 s	
find a better solution in: 0.13 s	
find a better solution in: 0.14 s	
find a better solution in: 0.14 s	
find a better solution in: 0.17 s	
find a better solution in : 0.17 s	
find a better solution in: 0.19 s	
find a better solution in: 0.20 s	
find a better solution in : 0.20 s	
find a better solution in: 0.23 s	
find a better solution in: 0.27 s	
find a better solution in: 0.30 s	
find a better solution in : 0.31 s	
find a better solution in : 0.50 s	
find a better solution in : 0.52 s	
find a better solution in: 0.52 s	
find a better solution in: 0.53 s	
find a better solution in: 0.55 s	
find a better solution in: 0.63 s	
find a better solution in: 0.64 s	
find a better solution in: 0.67 s	
find a better solution in: 0.73 s	
find a better solution in : 0.75 s	
find a better solution in: 0.80 s	
find a better solution in : 0.84 s	
find a better solution in : 0.91 s	
find a better solution in: 0.92 s	
find a better solution in : 0.92 s	
find a better solution in: 0.92 s	
find a better solution in: 0.92 s	
find a better solution in: 0.92 s	
find a better solution in: 0.94 s	
find a better solution in: 0.94 s	
find a better solution in: 0.95 s	
find a better solution in: 0.95 s	
find a better solution in : 0.95 s	
find a better solution in: 0.95 s	
find a better solution in : 0.97 s	
find a better solution in: 0.98 s	
find a better solution in: 0.98 s	
find a better solution in : 0.98 s	
find a better solution in: 1.00 s	
find a better solution in: 1.00 s	
find a better solution in: 1.00 s	
find a better solution in : 1.02 s	
find a better solution in: 1.02 s	
find a better solution in : 1.03 s	
find a better solution in: 1.03 s	
find a better solution in: 1.03 s	
find a better solution in : 1.05 s	
find a better solution in: 1.05 s	
find a better solution in : 1.05 s	
find a better solution in: 1.06 s	
find a better solution in: 1.06 s	
find a better solution in: 1.08 s	
find a better solution in: 1.09 s	
find a better solution in : 1.11 s	
find a better solution in: 1.11 s	
find a better solution in : 1.13 s	
find a better solution in: 1.13 s	
find a better solution in: 1.14 s	
find a better solution in: 1.14 s	
find a better solution in : 1.17 s	
find a better solution in : 1.28 s	
find a better solution in: 1.28 s	
find a better solution in: 1.28 s	
find a better solution in: 1.30 s	
find a better solution in : 1.33 s	
find a better solution in: 1.33 s	
find a better solution in: 1.33 s	
find a better solution in: 1.36 s	
find a better solution in: 1.36 s	
find a better solution in: 1.38 s	
find a better solution in: 1.40 s	
find a better solution in : 1.40 s	
find a better solution in: 1.40 s	
find a better solution in : 1.42 s	
find a better solution in: 1.42 s	
find a better solution in: 1.42 s	
find a better solution in: 1.42 s	
find a better solution in: 1.44 s	
find a better solution in: 1.44 s	
find a better solution in: 1.46 s	
find a better solution in : 1.46 s	
find a better solution in : 1.48 s	
find a better solution in: 1.48 s	
find a better solution in : 1.48 s	
find a better solution in: 1.50 s	
find a better solution in: 1.52 s	
find a better solution in: 1.52 s	
find a better solution in: 1.54 s	
find a better solution in: 1.54 s	
find a better solution in: 1.54 s	
find a better solution in: 1.54 s	
find a better solution in : 1.56 s	
find a better solution in: 1.56 s	
find a better solution in : 1.59 s	
find a better solution in: 1.59 s	
find a better solution in: 1.61 s	
find a better solution in : 1.61 s	
find a better solution in: 1.61 s	
find a better solution in: 1.63 s	
find a better solution in : 1.63 s	
find a better solution in : 1.63 s	
find a better solution in: 1.63 s	
find a better solution in: 1.66 s	
find a better solution in : 1.66 s	
find a better solution in: 1.66 s	
find a better solution in: 1.68 s	
find a better solution in: 1.68 s	
find a better solution in: 1.69 s	
find a better solution in: 1.72 s	
find a better solution in: 1.72 s	
find a better solution in : 1.74 s	
find a better solution in: 1.74 s	
find a better solution in: 1.76 s	
find a better solution in : 1.79 s	
find a better solution in : 1.93 s	
find a better solution in : 1.93 s	
find a better solution in: 1.93 s	
find a better solution in: 1.94 s	
find a better solution in: 1.94 s	
find a better solution in: 1.94 s	
find a better solution in: 1.94 s	
find a better solution in: 1.99 s	
find a better solution in : 2.50 s	
find a better solution in : 2.50 s	
find a better solution in: 2.52 s	
find a better solution in: 2.60 s	
find a better solution in: 2.60 s	
find a better solution in: 2.60 s	
find a better solution in: 2.66 s	
find a better solution in: 3.49 s	
find a better solution in : 4.54 s	
find a better solution in : 4.63 s	
find a better solution in: 4.63 s	
find a better solution in: 4.63 s	
find a better solution in: 4.66 s	
find a better solution in: 4.66 s	
find a better solution in: 4.66 s	
find a better solution in : 4.66 s	
find a better solution in: 4.66 s	
find a better solution in: 4.66 s	
find a better solution in: 4.68 s	
find a better solution in: 4.70 s	
find a better solution in : 4.70 s	
find a better solution in: 4.73 s	
find a better solution in: 4.79 s	
find a better solution in: 4.84 s	
find a better solution in: 4.87 s	
find a better solution in: 4.88 s	
find a better solution in: 4.96 s	
find a better solution in: 4.96 s	
find a better solution in : 5.51 s	
find a better solution in : 5.59 s	
find a better solution in: 5.59 s	
find a better solution in: 5.59 s	
find a better solution in: 5.60 s	
find a better solution in: 5.60 s	
find a better solution in: 5.63 s	
find a better solution in: 5.65 s	
find a better solution in: 5.66 s	
find a better solution in: 5.68 s	
find a better solution in : 6.09 s	
find a better solution in: 6.09 s	
find a better solution in: 6.10 s	
find a better solution in : 6.10 s	
find a better solution in: 6.15 s	
find a better solution in : 6.24 s	
find a better solution in : 10.26 s	
find a better solution in: 10.26 s	
find a better solution in: 10.27 s	
find a better solution in : 10.27 s	
find a better solution in: 10.27 s	
find a better solution in: 10.27 s	
find a better solution in: 10.29 s	
find a better solution in: 10.29 s	
find a better solution in: 10.29 s	
find a better solution in: 10.29 s	
find a better solution in: 10.29 s	
find a better solution in: 10.32 s	
find a better solution in: 10.32 s	
find a better solution in: 10.34 s	
find a better solution in: 10.34 s	
find a better solution in: 10.35 s	
find a better solution in: 10.37 s	
find a better solution in: 10.37 s	
find a better solution in: 10.37 s	
find a better solution in: 10.41 s	
find a better solution in: 12.21 s	
find a better solution in : 12.24 s	
find a better solution in: 12.24 s	
find a better solution in : 12.27 s	
find a better solution in : 12.27 s	
find a better solution in: 12.29 s	
find a better solution in: 12.31 s	
find a better solution in: 12.32 s	
find a better solution in: 12.32 s	
find a better solution in: 12.35 s	
1 generation time: 12.54 s
*****************************t=1*****************************
find a better solution in : 14.24 s	
find a better solution in: 14.26 s	
find a better solution in : 14.26 s	
find a better solution in: 14.26 s	
find a better solution in : 14.29 s	
find a better solution in : 14.31 s	
find a better solution in: 14.85 s	
find a better solution in: 14.85 s	
find a better solution in: 14.85 s	
find a better solution in : 14.91 s	
find a better solution in: 14.93 s	
find a better solution in : 14.99 s	
find a better solution in : 15.37 s	
find a better solution in: 15.38 s	
find a better solution in: 15.40 s	
find a better solution in : 15.45 s	
find a better solution in: 15.45 s	
find a better solution in: 15.46 s	
find a better solution in : 15.52 s	
find a better solution in : 15.73 s	
find a better solution in: 15.74 s	
find a better solution in: 15.74 s	
find a better solution in: 15.74 s	
find a better solution in: 15.76 s	
find a better solution in: 15.79 s	
find a better solution in: 15.79 s	
find a better solution in : 18.73 s	
find a better solution in: 18.73 s	
find a better solution in: 18.74 s	
find a better solution in: 18.77 s	
find a better solution in: 18.77 s	
find a better solution in: 18.85 s	
find a better solution in : 19.41 s	
find a better solution in: 19.41 s	
find a better solution in: 19.41 s	
2 generation time: 24.77 s
*****************************t=2*****************************
find a better solution in : 26.75 s	
find a better solution in: 26.75 s	
find a better solution in: 26.78 s	
3 generation time: 37.47 s
*****************************t=3*****************************
find a better solution in : 42.06 s	
find a better solution in: 42.11 s	
find a better solution in: 42.16 s	
find a better solution in: 42.16 s	
find a better solution in: 42.19 s	
find a better solution in: 42.19 s	
find a better solution in: 42.25 s	
4 generation time: 49.19 s
*****************************t=4*****************************
find a better solution in : 53.13 s	
find a better solution in: 53.19 s	
find a better solution in: 53.19 s	
find a better solution in: 53.20 s	
find a better solution in: 53.22 s	
find a better solution in: 53.23 s	
find a better solution in: 53.30 s	
find a better solution in : 53.31 s	
find a better solution in : 53.33 s	
5 generation time: 62.67 s
*****************************t=5*****************************
find a better solution in : 68.41 s	
find a better solution in: 68.47 s	
find a better solution in : 68.67 s	
find a better solution in: 68.67 s	
find a better solution in: 68.67 s	
find a better solution in: 68.70 s	
find a better solution in: 68.70 s	
find a better solution in: 68.72 s	
find a better solution in: 68.72 s	
find a better solution in: 68.73 s	
find a better solution in: 68.75 s	
find a better solution in : 68.77 s	
find a better solution in: 68.81 s	
find a better solution in : 68.83 s	
find a better solution in: 68.83 s	
find a better solution in : 68.84 s	
find a better solution in: 68.84 s	
find a better solution in: 68.84 s	
find a better solution in : 68.89 s	
find a better solution in: 68.91 s	
find a better solution in: 68.91 s	
6 generation time: 76.11 s
*****************************t=6*****************************
find a better solution in : 83.92 s	
find a better solution in : 83.92 s	
find a better solution in: 83.93 s	
find a better solution in : 83.95 s	
find a better solution in : 85.40 s	
find a better solution in : 86.23 s	
find a better solution in: 86.27 s	
7 generation time: 88.31 s
*****************************t=7*****************************
find a better solution in : 90.48 s	
find a better solution in: 90.49 s	
find a better solution in: 90.52 s	
find a better solution in: 90.52 s	
find a better solution in: 90.54 s	
find a better solution in: 90.54 s	
find a better solution in: 90.57 s	
8 generation time: 99.84 s
*****************************t=8*****************************
find a better solution in: 106.78 s	
find a better solution in: 106.78 s	
find a better solution in: 106.82 s	
find a better solution in: 106.90 s	
find a better solution in : 108.18 s	
find a better solution in: 108.20 s	
find a better solution in : 111.42 s	
find a better solution in: 111.43 s	
find a better solution in: 111.45 s	
find a better solution in: 111.45 s	
9 generation time: 112.12 s
*****************************t=9*****************************
find a better solution in : 114.24 s	
find a better solution in: 119.28 s	
find a better solution in : 119.29 s	
find a better solution in: 119.31 s	
10 generation time: 123.98 s
*****************************t=10*****************************
find a better solution in : 132.07 s	
find a better solution in: 132.07 s	
find a better solution in: 132.09 s	
find a better solution in: 132.10 s	
find a better solution in: 132.10 s	
find a better solution in : 132.13 s	
find a better solution in: 132.13 s	
find a better solution in: 132.16 s	
find a better solution in: 132.16 s	
find a better solution in : 132.23 s	
find a better solution in: 134.82 s	
find a better solution in: 134.82 s	
find a better solution in: 134.82 s	
find a better solution in: 134.82 s	
find a better solution in: 134.85 s	
find a better solution in: 134.86 s	
find a better solution in: 134.89 s	
find a better solution in: 134.94 s	
find a better solution in: 134.99 s	
find a better solution in: 135.00 s	
11 generation time: 136.39 s
*****************************t=11*****************************
find a better solution in : 141.08 s	
find a better solution in: 141.11 s	
find a better solution in: 141.11 s	
find a better solution in: 141.11 s	
find a better solution in: 141.11 s	
find a better solution in: 141.14 s	
find a better solution in: 141.17 s	
find a better solution in: 141.21 s	
find a better solution in : 142.95 s	
find a better solution in: 142.96 s	
find a better solution in: 143.03 s	
find a better solution in: 143.03 s	
12 generation time: 147.62 s
*****************************t=12*****************************
13 generation time: 158.70 s
*****************************t=13*****************************
14 generation time: 170.85 s
*****************************t=14*****************************
find a better solution in : 178.73 s	
find a better solution in: 178.76 s	
15 generation time: 183.06 s
*****************************t=15*****************************
find a better solution in : 185.07 s	
find a better solution in: 185.12 s	
find a better solution in: 189.54 s	
find a better solution in: 189.62 s	
16 generation time: 194.89 s
*****************************t=16*****************************
find a better solution in : 198.82 s	
find a better solution in: 198.82 s	
find a better solution in: 198.82 s	
find a better solution in: 198.87 s	
find a better solution in: 198.89 s	
find a better solution in: 198.89 s	
find a better solution in: 198.89 s	
find a better solution in: 198.93 s	
find a better solution in: 199.00 s	
find a better solution in : 199.62 s	
find a better solution in: 199.64 s	
find a better solution in: 199.65 s	
find a better solution in: 199.68 s	
find a better solution in: 199.68 s	
find a better solution in : 199.68 s	
find a better solution in: 199.68 s	
find a better solution in: 199.73 s	
17 generation time: 206.55 s
*****************************t=17*****************************
18 generation time: 218.83 s
*****************************t=18*****************************
19 generation time: 230.21 s
*****************************t=19*****************************
20 generation time: 242.38 s
*****************************t=20*****************************
find a better solution in : 248.99 s	
find a better solution in: 249.00 s	
find a better solution in: 249.02 s	
find a better solution in : 249.04 s	
find a better solution in : 250.88 s	
find a better solution in: 250.89 s	
find a better solution in: 250.94 s	
find a better solution in: 250.94 s	
find a better solution in: 251.63 s	
find a better solution in : 251.63 s	
find a better solution in: 251.64 s	
21 generation time: 253.96 s
*****************************t=21*****************************
find a better solution in: 256.99 s	
find a better solution in: 256.99 s	
find a better solution in: 256.99 s	
find a better solution in: 256.99 s	
find a better solution in : 257.00 s	
find a better solution in: 257.02 s	
find a better solution in: 257.02 s	
find a better solution in: 257.04 s	
find a better solution in : 257.04 s	
find a better solution in: 257.04 s	
find a better solution in : 257.05 s	
find a better solution in: 257.05 s	
find a better solution in: 257.07 s	
find a better solution in: 257.08 s	
find a better solution in: 257.10 s	
22 generation time: 265.57 s
*****************************t=22*****************************
find a better solution in : 268.96 s	
find a better solution in: 268.96 s	
find a better solution in: 269.00 s	
find a better solution in: 269.04 s	
find a better solution in: 269.06 s	
find a better solution in: 269.11 s	
23 generation time: 278.03 s
*****************************t=23*****************************
find a better solution in: 285.84 s	
find a better solution in: 285.86 s	
find a better solution in: 285.86 s	
find a better solution in : 285.87 s	
find a better solution in: 285.89 s	
find a better solution in: 285.89 s	
24 generation time: 288.90 s
*****************************t=24*****************************
find a better solution in: 291.21 s	
find a better solution in: 291.23 s	
find a better solution in: 291.25 s	
find a better solution in : 291.29 s	
find a better solution in: 291.29 s	
find a better solution in: 291.29 s	
find a better solution in: 291.39 s	
find a better solution in: 291.39 s	
find a better solution in: 291.43 s	
find a better solution in: 293.01 s	
find a better solution in: 293.06 s	
find a better solution in: 293.09 s	
find a better solution in : 293.14 s	
find a better solution in: 293.15 s	
find a better solution in: 293.18 s	
find a better solution in : 293.56 s	
find a better solution in: 293.56 s	
find a better solution in: 293.57 s	
find a better solution in: 293.59 s	
25 generation time: 301.11 s
*****************************t=25*****************************
26 generation time: 313.78 s
*****************************t=26*****************************
27 generation time: 326.07 s
*****************************t=27*****************************
28 generation time: 338.54 s
*****************************t=28*****************************
29 generation time: 351.06 s
*****************************t=29*****************************
find a better solution in : 362.28 s	
find a better solution in: 362.32 s	
find a better solution in: 362.40 s	
find a better solution in: 362.45 s	
30 generation time: 363.37 s
*****************************t=30*****************************
31 generation time: 375.04 s
*****************************t=31*****************************
32 generation time: 386.93 s
*****************************t=32*****************************
33 generation time: 397.65 s
*****************************t=33*****************************
34 generation time: 409.51 s
*****************************t=34*****************************
find a better solution in : 411.63 s	
find a better solution in: 411.63 s	
find a better solution in: 411.74 s	
35 generation time: 421.79 s
*****************************t=35*****************************
find a better solution in : 428.51 s	
find a better solution in: 428.57 s	
find a better solution in: 428.63 s	
find a better solution in: 428.63 s	
36 generation time: 433.68 s
*****************************t=36*****************************
37 generation time: 444.89 s
*****************************t=37*****************************
38 generation time: 457.19 s
*****************************t=38*****************************
39 generation time: 470.70 s
*****************************t=39*****************************
find a better solution in : 474.36 s	
find a better solution in: 474.37 s	
find a better solution in: 474.44 s	
find a better solution in: 474.47 s	
find a better solution in: 481.84 s	
find a better solution in: 481.87 s	
find a better solution in: 481.92 s	
find a better solution in: 481.97 s	
40 generation time: 482.40 s
*****************************t=40*****************************
41 generation time: 494.39 s
*****************************t=41*****************************
42 generation time: 506.77 s
*****************************t=42*****************************
find a better solution in : 509.65 s	
find a better solution in: 509.66 s	
find a better solution in: 509.69 s	
find a better solution in: 509.73 s	
43 generation time: 517.21 s
*****************************t=43*****************************
44 generation time: 528.91 s
*****************************t=44*****************************
45 generation time: 540.84 s
*****************************t=45*****************************
find a better solution in : 550.24 s	
find a better solution in: 550.38 s	
46 generation time: 551.82 s
*****************************t=46*****************************
47 generation time: 563.97 s
*****************************t=47*****************************
find a better solution in : 568.67 s	
find a better solution in: 568.69 s	
48 generation time: 576.16 s
*****************************t=48*****************************
49 generation time: 587.34 s
*****************************t=49*****************************
50 generation time: 599.86 s
*****************************t=50*****************************
51 generation time: 612.16 s
*****************************t=51*****************************
52 generation time: 623.40 s
*****************************t=52*****************************
53 generation time: 634.48 s
*****************************t=53*****************************
find a better solution in : 643.18 s	
54 generation time: 646.51 s
*****************************t=54*****************************
55 generation time: 660.66 s
*****************************t=55*****************************
find a better solution in: 663.93 s	
56 generation time: 671.62 s
*****************************t=56*****************************
57 generation time: 683.52 s
*****************************t=57*****************************
58 generation time: 695.97 s
*****************************t=58*****************************
find a better solution in : 705.31 s	
59 generation time: 708.75 s
*****************************t=59*****************************
60 generation time: 721.11 s
*****************************t=60*****************************
61 generation time: 731.27 s
*****************************t=61*****************************
62 generation time: 743.29 s
*****************************t=62*****************************
63 generation time: 754.29 s
*****************************t=63*****************************
64 generation time: 766.41 s
*****************************t=64*****************************
65 generation time: 778.52 s
*****************************t=65*****************************
66 generation time: 790.34 s
*****************************t=66*****************************
67 generation time: 802.89 s
*****************************t=67*****************************
68 generation time: 815.47 s
*****************************t=68*****************************
find a better solution in : 816.13 s	
find a better solution in: 816.14 s	
find a better solution in: 816.14 s	
find a better solution in: 816.19 s	
69 generation time: 826.70 s
*****************************t=69*****************************
70 generation time: 838.61 s
*****************************t=70*****************************
71 generation time: 849.91 s
*****************************t=71*****************************
find a better solution in: 850.74 s	
find a better solution in: 850.77 s	
find a better solution in: 850.77 s	
find a better solution in: 850.78 s	
find a better solution in: 850.78 s	
find a better solution in: 850.81 s	
72 generation time: 861.51 s
*****************************t=72*****************************
find a better solution in: 861.91 s	
find a better solution in: 861.96 s	
73 generation time: 873.27 s
*****************************t=73*****************************
74 generation time: 885.40 s
*****************************t=74*****************************
75 generation time: 898.68 s
*****************************t=75*****************************
find a better solution in : 901.38 s	
find a better solution in : 901.45 s	
find a better solution in: 901.48 s	
find a better solution in: 901.51 s	
find a better solution in: 901.51 s	
76 generation time: 910.23 s
*****************************t=76*****************************
77 generation time: 922.14 s
*****************************t=77*****************************
78 generation time: 933.72 s
*****************************t=78*****************************
79 generation time: 945.52 s
*****************************t=79*****************************
find a better solution in : 956.36 s	
find a better solution in: 956.39 s	
80 generation time: 958.34 s
*****************************t=80*****************************
81 generation time: 969.28 s
*****************************t=81*****************************
82 generation time: 982.21 s
*****************************t=82*****************************
find a better solution in : 987.85 s	
find a better solution in: 987.88 s	
83 generation time: 991.98 s
*****************************t=83*****************************
84 generation time: 1003.54 s
*****************************t=84*****************************
find a better solution in : 1005.26 s	
85 generation time: 1014.79 s
*****************************t=85*****************************
find a better solution in : 1015.29 s	
86 generation time: 1027.09 s
*****************************t=86*****************************
find a better solution in: 1038.04 s	
find a better solution in: 1038.08 s	
find a better solution in: 1038.08 s	
find a better solution in: 1038.10 s	
find a better solution in: 1038.13 s	
87 generation time: 1038.66 s
*****************************t=87*****************************
88 generation time: 1050.40 s
*****************************t=88*****************************
89 generation time: 1062.14 s
*****************************t=89*****************************
90 generation time: 1074.51 s
*****************************t=90*****************************
91 generation time: 1086.20 s
*****************************t=91*****************************
92 generation time: 1099.39 s
*****************************t=92*****************************
93 generation time: 1112.08 s
*****************************t=93*****************************
94 generation time: 1125.64 s
*****************************t=94*****************************
95 generation time: 1136.95 s
*****************************t=95*****************************
96 generation time: 1148.39 s
*****************************t=96*****************************
97 generation time: 1159.27 s
*****************************t=97*****************************
98 generation time: 1170.29 s
*****************************t=98*****************************
find a better solution in: 1173.07 s	
find a better solution in: 1173.10 s	
find a better solution in: 1173.13 s	
find a better solution in: 1179.90 s	
99 generation time: 1181.35 s
*****************************t=99*****************************
find a better solution in: 1190.48 s	
find a better solution in: 1190.53 s	
100 generation time: 1193.32 s
*****************************t=100*****************************
101 generation time: 1205.88 s
*****************************t=101*****************************
102 generation time: 1219.21 s
*****************************t=102*****************************
103 generation time: 1232.08 s
*****************************t=103*****************************
find a better solution in : 1241.63 s	
104 generation time: 1244.58 s
*****************************t=104*****************************
105 generation time: 1255.81 s
*****************************t=105*****************************
106 generation time: 1268.03 s
*****************************t=106*****************************
107 generation time: 1280.24 s
*****************************t=107*****************************
108 generation time: 1291.57 s
*****************************t=108*****************************
109 generation time: 1302.79 s
*****************************t=109*****************************
110 generation time: 1315.56 s
*****************************t=110*****************************
111 generation time: 1328.82 s
*****************************t=111*****************************
112 generation time: 1342.39 s
*****************************t=112*****************************
find a better solution in: 1346.52 s	
find a better solution in: 1346.57 s	
find a better solution in: 1346.61 s	
113 generation time: 1353.60 s
*****************************t=113*****************************
114 generation time: 1364.24 s
*****************************t=114*****************************
find a better solution in : 1368.58 s	
find a better solution in: 1368.58 s	
115 generation time: 1375.80 s
*****************************t=115*****************************
find a better solution in : 1379.22 s	
find a better solution in: 1379.22 s	
find a better solution in: 1379.24 s	
find a better solution in: 1379.24 s	
find a better solution in: 1379.27 s	
find a better solution in: 1379.35 s	
find a better solution in: 1379.41 s	
find a better solution in: 1379.41 s	
find a better solution in: 1379.46 s	
116 generation time: 1387.39 s
*****************************t=116*****************************
117 generation time: 1398.35 s
*****************************t=117*****************************
118 generation time: 1409.97 s
*****************************t=118*****************************
119 generation time: 1420.26 s
*****************************t=119*****************************
120 generation time: 1429.74 s
*****************************t=120*****************************
121 generation time: 1441.71 s
*****************************t=121*****************************
122 generation time: 1452.79 s
*****************************t=122*****************************
123 generation time: 1464.08 s
*****************************t=123*****************************
124 generation time: 1476.48 s
*****************************t=124*****************************
find a better solution in : 1481.87 s	
find a better solution in: 1481.87 s	
125 generation time: 1489.06 s
*****************************t=125*****************************
find a better solution in: 1497.78 s	
find a better solution in: 1497.81 s	
126 generation time: 1500.45 s
*****************************t=126*****************************
127 generation time: 1512.83 s
*****************************t=127*****************************
128 generation time: 1524.29 s
*****************************t=128*****************************
find a better solution in : 1531.82 s	
find a better solution in: 1531.87 s	
find a better solution in : 1531.93 s	
find a better solution in: 1531.99 s	
find a better solution in: 1532.01 s	
find a better solution in: 1532.01 s	
find a better solution in: 1532.01 s	
find a better solution in: 1532.02 s	
find a better solution in: 1532.15 s	
find a better solution in: 1532.20 s	
129 generation time: 1536.60 s
*****************************t=129*****************************
130 generation time: 1549.27 s
*****************************t=130*****************************
131 generation time: 1561.85 s
*****************************t=131*****************************
132 generation time: 1573.40 s
*****************************t=132*****************************
133 generation time: 1586.77 s
*****************************t=133*****************************
134 generation time: 1598.92 s
*****************************t=134*****************************
135 generation time: 1609.97 s
*****************************t=135*****************************
136 generation time: 1620.25 s
*****************************t=136*****************************
137 generation time: 1631.68 s
*****************************t=137*****************************
138 generation time: 1642.06 s
*****************************t=138*****************************
139 generation time: 1652.26 s
*****************************t=139*****************************
140 generation time: 1661.76 s
*****************************t=140*****************************
141 generation time: 1671.45 s
*****************************t=141*****************************
142 generation time: 1681.65 s
*****************************t=142*****************************
find a better solution in : 1691.99 s	
find a better solution in: 1692.00 s	
find a better solution in: 1692.02 s	
find a better solution in : 1692.02 s	
find a better solution in: 1692.04 s	
find a better solution in: 1692.15 s	
143 generation time: 1692.72 s
*****************************t=143*****************************
find a better solution in: 1697.88 s	
find a better solution in: 1697.91 s	
find a better solution in: 1697.94 s	
find a better solution in: 1697.97 s	
find a better solution in: 1698.02 s	
find a better solution in: 1700.68 s	
144 generation time: 1702.21 s
*****************************t=144*****************************
145 generation time: 1711.95 s
*****************************t=145*****************************
146 generation time: 1723.48 s
*****************************t=146*****************************
find a better solution in : 1724.59 s	
find a better solution in: 1724.61 s	
find a better solution in: 1724.71 s	
147 generation time: 1734.27 s
*****************************t=147*****************************
148 generation time: 1746.09 s
*****************************t=148*****************************
149 generation time: 1759.94 s
*****************************t=149*****************************
150 generation time: 1770.36 s
*****************************t=150*****************************
151 generation time: 1782.64 s
*****************************t=151*****************************
152 generation time: 1794.45 s
*****************************t=152*****************************
153 generation time: 1806.56 s
*****************************t=153*****************************
154 generation time: 1818.14 s
*****************************t=154*****************************
find a better solution in : 1822.31 s	
find a better solution in: 1822.32 s	
find a better solution in: 1822.32 s	
find a better solution in: 1822.35 s	
155 generation time: 1830.29 s
*****************************t=155*****************************
find a better solution in : 1841.35 s	
find a better solution in: 1841.35 s	
find a better solution in: 1841.35 s	
find a better solution in: 1841.40 s	
156 generation time: 1841.93 s
*****************************t=156*****************************
157 generation time: 1854.32 s
*****************************t=157*****************************
find a better solution in: 1858.85 s	
158 generation time: 1864.74 s
*****************************t=158*****************************
159 generation time: 1876.90 s
*****************************t=159*****************************
find a better solution in : 1879.20 s	
find a better solution in: 1879.23 s	
160 generation time: 1888.20 s
*****************************t=160*****************************
161 generation time: 1900.03 s
*****************************t=161*****************************
162 generation time: 1911.35 s
*****************************t=162*****************************
find a better solution in : 1916.41 s	
find a better solution in: 1916.45 s	
163 generation time: 1924.45 s
*****************************t=163*****************************
164 generation time: 1934.94 s
*****************************t=164*****************************
165 generation time: 1946.35 s
*****************************t=165*****************************
166 generation time: 1957.46 s
*****************************t=166*****************************
find a better solution in: 1967.94 s	
find a better solution in: 1967.96 s	
find a better solution in: 1967.99 s	
find a better solution in: 1968.05 s	
find a better solution in: 1968.13 s	
find a better solution in: 1968.13 s	
167 generation time: 1969.49 s
*****************************t=167*****************************
168 generation time: 1980.69 s
*****************************t=168*****************************
169 generation time: 1992.15 s
*****************************t=169*****************************
170 generation time: 2004.58 s
*****************************t=170*****************************
171 generation time: 2015.97 s
*****************************t=171*****************************
172 generation time: 2027.17 s
*****************************t=172*****************************
173 generation time: 2038.36 s
*****************************t=173*****************************
find a better solution in : 2047.87 s	
find a better solution in: 2047.95 s	
174 generation time: 2050.67 s
*****************************t=174*****************************
175 generation time: 2061.55 s
*****************************t=175*****************************
176 generation time: 2073.82 s
*****************************t=176*****************************
177 generation time: 2084.90 s
*****************************t=177*****************************
178 generation time: 2097.21 s
*****************************t=178*****************************
179 generation time: 2108.73 s
*****************************t=179*****************************
180 generation time: 2121.20 s
*****************************t=180*****************************
181 generation time: 2132.63 s
*****************************t=181*****************************
182 generation time: 2144.37 s
*****************************t=182*****************************
183 generation time: 2155.91 s
*****************************t=183*****************************
184 generation time: 2167.77 s
*****************************t=184*****************************
185 generation time: 2179.15 s
*****************************t=185*****************************
186 generation time: 2189.38 s
*****************************t=186*****************************
187 generation time: 2201.39 s
*****************************t=187*****************************
188 generation time: 2213.86 s
*****************************t=188*****************************
find a better solution in : 2214.24 s	
find a better solution in: 2214.25 s	
find a better solution in: 2214.25 s	
find a better solution in: 2214.28 s	
189 generation time: 2225.30 s
*****************************t=189*****************************
find a better solution in : 2235.30 s	
190 generation time: 2236.55 s
*****************************t=190*****************************
find a better solution in: 2238.80 s	
191 generation time: 2247.13 s
*****************************t=191*****************************
192 generation time: 2259.54 s
*****************************t=192*****************************
193 generation time: 2271.98 s
*****************************t=193*****************************
194 generation time: 2284.85 s
*****************************t=194*****************************
195 generation time: 2296.65 s
*****************************t=195*****************************
196 generation time: 2308.20 s
*****************************t=196*****************************
197 generation time: 2319.89 s
*****************************t=197*****************************
find a better solution in : 2329.20 s	
find a better solution in: 2329.27 s	
find a better solution in: 2329.36 s	
find a better solution in: 2329.39 s	
198 generation time: 2333.91 s
*****************************t=198*****************************
199 generation time: 2347.05 s
*****************************t=199*****************************
200 generation time: 2361.06 s
*****************************t=200*****************************
201 generation time: 2374.32 s
*****************************t=201*****************************
202 generation time: 2385.50 s
*****************************t=202*****************************
203 generation time: 2397.68 s
*****************************t=203*****************************
204 generation time: 2409.18 s
*****************************t=204*****************************
find a better solution in : 2411.93 s	
find a better solution in: 2411.96 s	
find a better solution in: 2411.96 s	
205 generation time: 2419.53 s
*****************************t=205*****************************
206 generation time: 2430.78 s
*****************************t=206*****************************
207 generation time: 2442.85 s
*****************************t=207*****************************
208 generation time: 2454.83 s
*****************************t=208*****************************
209 generation time: 2466.08 s
*****************************t=209*****************************
210 generation time: 2478.74 s
*****************************t=210*****************************
211 generation time: 2489.59 s
*****************************t=211*****************************
212 generation time: 2502.11 s
*****************************t=212*****************************
213 generation time: 2514.57 s
*****************************t=213*****************************
214 generation time: 2526.72 s
*****************************t=214*****************************
find a better solution in : 2533.31 s	
find a better solution in: 2533.37 s	
215 generation time: 2540.73 s
*****************************t=215*****************************
216 generation time: 2553.21 s
*****************************t=216*****************************
217 generation time: 2565.77 s
*****************************t=217*****************************
218 generation time: 2578.03 s
*****************************t=218*****************************
219 generation time: 2590.18 s
*****************************t=219*****************************
220 generation time: 2602.19 s
*****************************t=220*****************************
find a better solution in: 2608.92 s	
find a better solution in: 2608.95 s	
find a better solution in: 2608.98 s	
find a better solution in: 2609.00 s	
find a better solution in: 2609.01 s	
find a better solution in: 2609.03 s	
find a better solution in: 2609.05 s	
221 generation time: 2613.28 s
*****************************t=221*****************************
222 generation time: 2623.39 s
*****************************t=222*****************************
223 generation time: 2634.33 s
*****************************t=223*****************************
224 generation time: 2644.23 s
*****************************t=224*****************************
225 generation time: 2655.47 s
*****************************t=225*****************************
226 generation time: 2667.45 s
*****************************t=226*****************************
227 generation time: 2681.23 s
*****************************t=227*****************************
228 generation time: 2694.24 s
*****************************t=228*****************************
229 generation time: 2705.37 s
*****************************t=229*****************************
230 generation time: 2716.96 s
*****************************t=230*****************************
find a better solution in: 2717.43 s	
find a better solution in: 2717.45 s	
find a better solution in: 2717.49 s	
find a better solution in: 2717.56 s	
231 generation time: 2728.22 s
*****************************t=231*****************************
find a better solution in : 2736.60 s	
232 generation time: 2738.30 s
*****************************t=232*****************************
233 generation time: 2748.71 s
*****************************t=233*****************************
234 generation time: 2759.05 s
*****************************t=234*****************************
235 generation time: 2770.18 s
*****************************t=235*****************************
236 generation time: 2780.90 s
*****************************t=236*****************************
237 generation time: 2792.46 s
*****************************t=237*****************************
238 generation time: 2802.60 s
*****************************t=238*****************************
239 generation time: 2812.08 s
*****************************t=239*****************************
240 generation time: 2823.50 s
*****************************t=240*****************************
241 generation time: 2833.44 s
*****************************t=241*****************************
242 generation time: 2844.20 s
*****************************t=242*****************************
243 generation time: 2853.96 s
*****************************t=243*****************************
244 generation time: 2864.51 s
*****************************t=244*****************************
245 generation time: 2873.12 s
*****************************t=245*****************************
246 generation time: 2880.78 s
*****************************t=246*****************************
247 generation time: 2887.98 s
*****************************t=247*****************************
248 generation time: 2896.79 s
*****************************t=248*****************************
249 generation time: 2905.28 s
*****************************t=249*****************************
250 generation time: 2913.66 s
*****************************t=250*****************************
251 generation time: 2922.47 s
*****************************t=251*****************************
252 generation time: 2929.70 s
*****************************t=252*****************************
253 generation time: 2937.98 s
*****************************t=253*****************************
254 generation time: 2945.11 s
*****************************t=254*****************************
255 generation time: 2951.94 s
*****************************t=255*****************************
256 generation time: 2958.69 s
*****************************t=256*****************************
257 generation time: 2964.96 s
*****************************t=257*****************************
258 generation time: 2971.48 s
*****************************t=258*****************************
find a better solution in : 2975.57 s	
find a better solution in: 2975.59 s	
find a better solution in: 2975.60 s	
259 generation time: 2978.77 s
*****************************t=259*****************************
260 generation time: 2986.27 s
*****************************t=260*****************************
261 generation time: 2992.65 s
*****************************t=261*****************************
262 generation time: 2998.45 s
*****************************t=262*****************************
263 generation time: 3003.32 s
*****************************t=263*****************************
264 generation time: 3009.98 s
*****************************t=264*****************************
265 generation time: 3015.26 s
*****************************t=265*****************************
266 generation time: 3021.76 s
*****************************t=266*****************************
267 generation time: 3027.37 s
*****************************t=267*****************************
268 generation time: 3032.55 s
*****************************t=268*****************************
269 generation time: 3038.98 s
*****************************t=269*****************************
find a better solution in: 3042.98 s	
find a better solution in: 3043.03 s	
270 generation time: 3045.84 s
*****************************t=270*****************************
271 generation time: 3051.84 s
*****************************t=271*****************************
272 generation time: 3057.55 s
*****************************t=272*****************************
273 generation time: 3064.19 s
*****************************t=273*****************************
274 generation time: 3071.89 s
*****************************t=274*****************************
275 generation time: 3078.05 s
*****************************t=275*****************************
276 generation time: 3083.84 s
*****************************t=276*****************************
277 generation time: 3090.70 s
*****************************t=277*****************************
278 generation time: 3095.77 s
*****************************t=278*****************************
279 generation time: 3101.18 s
*****************************t=279*****************************
280 generation time: 3108.29 s
*****************************t=280*****************************
281 generation time: 3113.45 s
*****************************t=281*****************************
282 generation time: 3118.09 s
*****************************t=282*****************************
283 generation time: 3123.01 s
*****************************t=283*****************************
284 generation time: 3128.03 s
*****************************t=284*****************************
285 generation time: 3135.07 s
*****************************t=285*****************************
286 generation time: 3141.28 s
*****************************t=286*****************************
287 generation time: 3146.43 s
*****************************t=287*****************************
288 generation time: 3151.19 s
*****************************t=288*****************************
289 generation time: 3156.36 s
*****************************t=289*****************************
290 generation time: 3160.44 s
*****************************t=290*****************************
291 generation time: 3164.96 s
*****************************t=291*****************************
292 generation time: 3170.40 s
*****************************t=292*****************************
293 generation time: 3176.07 s
*****************************t=293*****************************
294 generation time: 3181.00 s
*****************************t=294*****************************
295 generation time: 3186.61 s
*****************************t=295*****************************
296 generation time: 3194.52 s
*****************************t=296*****************************
find a better solution in : 3197.21 s	
297 generation time: 3200.18 s
*****************************t=297*****************************
298 generation time: 3206.22 s
*****************************t=298*****************************
299 generation time: 3214.07 s
*****************************t=299*****************************
300 generation time: 3219.14 s
*****************************t=300*****************************
301 generation time: 3224.84 s
*****************************t=301*****************************
302 generation time: 3229.84 s
*****************************t=302*****************************
303 generation time: 3236.29 s
*****************************t=303*****************************
304 generation time: 3241.75 s
*****************************t=304*****************************
305 generation time: 3247.15 s
*****************************t=305*****************************
306 generation time: 3253.22 s
*****************************t=306*****************************
307 generation time: 3258.70 s
*****************************t=307*****************************
308 generation time: 3264.71 s
*****************************t=308*****************************
309 generation time: 3271.19 s
*****************************t=309*****************************
310 generation time: 3275.68 s
*****************************t=310*****************************
311 generation time: 3281.83 s
*****************************t=311*****************************
312 generation time: 3289.58 s
*****************************t=312*****************************
313 generation time: 3297.30 s
*****************************t=313*****************************
314 generation time: 3305.76 s
*****************************t=314*****************************
315 generation time: 3312.05 s
*****************************t=315*****************************
316 generation time: 3317.90 s
*****************************t=316*****************************
317 generation time: 3323.73 s
*****************************t=317*****************************
318 generation time: 3330.29 s
*****************************t=318*****************************
319 generation time: 3337.43 s
*****************************t=319*****************************
320 generation time: 3343.40 s
*****************************t=320*****************************
321 generation time: 3349.72 s
*****************************t=321*****************************
322 generation time: 3355.82 s
*****************************t=322*****************************
323 generation time: 3361.75 s
*****************************t=323*****************************
324 generation time: 3368.06 s
*****************************t=324*****************************
325 generation time: 3372.95 s
*****************************t=325*****************************
326 generation time: 3378.65 s
*****************************t=326*****************************
327 generation time: 3383.79 s
*****************************t=327*****************************
328 generation time: 3388.90 s
*****************************t=328*****************************
329 generation time: 3392.98 s
*****************************t=329*****************************
330 generation time: 3397.49 s
*****************************t=330*****************************
331 generation time: 3401.80 s
*****************************t=331*****************************
332 generation time: 3406.29 s
*****************************t=332*****************************
333 generation time: 3410.51 s
*****************************t=333*****************************
334 generation time: 3414.95 s
*****************************t=334*****************************
335 generation time: 3419.38 s
*****************************t=335*****************************
336 generation time: 3423.52 s
*****************************t=336*****************************
337 generation time: 3427.76 s
*****************************t=337*****************************
338 generation time: 3432.30 s
*****************************t=338*****************************
339 generation time: 3437.45 s
*****************************t=339*****************************
340 generation time: 3441.89 s
*****************************t=340*****************************
341 generation time: 3446.50 s
*****************************t=341*****************************
342 generation time: 3451.12 s
*****************************t=342*****************************
343 generation time: 3456.82 s
*****************************t=343*****************************
344 generation time: 3461.29 s
*****************************t=344*****************************
345 generation time: 3466.45 s
*****************************t=345*****************************
346 generation time: 3472.38 s
*****************************t=346*****************************
347 generation time: 3477.02 s
*****************************t=347*****************************
348 generation time: 3482.12 s
*****************************t=348*****************************
349 generation time: 3486.49 s
*****************************t=349*****************************
350 generation time: 3491.46 s
*****************************t=350*****************************
351 generation time: 3495.38 s
*****************************t=351*****************************
352 generation time: 3500.76 s
*****************************t=352*****************************
353 generation time: 3506.02 s
*****************************t=353*****************************
354 generation time: 3510.17 s
*****************************t=354*****************************
355 generation time: 3514.59 s
*****************************t=355*****************************
356 generation time: 3519.06 s
*****************************t=356*****************************
357 generation time: 3523.03 s
*****************************t=357*****************************
358 generation time: 3527.25 s
*****************************t=358*****************************
359 generation time: 3531.31 s
*****************************t=359*****************************
360 generation time: 3536.20 s
*****************************t=360*****************************
361 generation time: 3541.41 s
*****************************t=361*****************************
362 generation time: 3546.17 s
*****************************t=362*****************************
363 generation time: 3550.33 s
*****************************t=363*****************************
364 generation time: 3554.89 s
*****************************t=364*****************************
365 generation time: 3559.30 s
*****************************t=365*****************************
366 generation time: 3564.93 s
*****************************t=366*****************************
367 generation time: 3569.18 s
*****************************t=367*****************************
368 generation time: 3574.23 s
*****************************t=368*****************************
369 generation time: 3578.62 s
*****************************t=369*****************************
370 generation time: 3583.74 s
*****************************t=370*****************************
371 generation time: 3587.90 s
*****************************t=371*****************************
372 generation time: 3593.27 s
*****************************t=372*****************************
373 generation time: 3597.51 s
*****************************t=373*****************************
374 generation time: 3602.06 s
*****************************t=374*****************************
375 generation time: 3607.67 s
*****************************t=375*****************************
376 generation time: 3612.34 s
*****************************t=376*****************************
377 generation time: 3617.63 s
*****************************t=377*****************************
378 generation time: 3623.02 s
*****************************t=378*****************************
379 generation time: 3628.09 s
*****************************t=379*****************************
380 generation time: 3634.75 s
*****************************t=380*****************************
381 generation time: 3641.33 s
*****************************t=381*****************************
382 generation time: 3647.05 s
*****************************t=382*****************************
383 generation time: 3652.61 s
*****************************t=383*****************************
384 generation time: 3657.92 s
*****************************t=384*****************************
385 generation time: 3663.88 s
*****************************t=385*****************************
386 generation time: 3669.78 s
*****************************t=386*****************************
387 generation time: 3675.50 s
*****************************t=387*****************************
388 generation time: 3681.93 s
*****************************t=388*****************************
389 generation time: 3687.62 s
*****************************t=389*****************************
find a better solution in : 3689.89 s	
390 generation time: 3693.12 s
*****************************t=390*****************************
391 generation time: 3699.11 s
*****************************t=391*****************************
392 generation time: 3704.49 s
*****************************t=392*****************************
393 generation time: 3710.67 s
*****************************t=393*****************************
394 generation time: 3716.09 s
*****************************t=394*****************************
395 generation time: 3722.14 s
*****************************t=395*****************************
396 generation time: 3728.14 s
*****************************t=396*****************************
397 generation time: 3734.26 s
*****************************t=397*****************************
398 generation time: 3740.50 s
*****************************t=398*****************************
399 generation time: 3747.35 s
*****************************t=399*****************************
400 generation time: 3753.88 s
[4682.00,334.00,11186.23],
[4690.00,0.00,11216.88],
[4847.00,668.00,10201.82],
[4513.00,1336.00,9243.52],
[5014.00,334.00,9922.39],
[5010.00,2338.00,8705.50],
[5680.00,1670.00,8928.79],
[4680.00,2672.00,8072.54],
[4845.00,2004.00,8966.85],
[4849.00,1002.00,9543.52],
[4692.00,1670.00,9102.94],
[4682.00,1002.00,9896.87],
[4686.00,668.00,10991.64],
[4509.00,1002.00,10658.60],
[4682.00,668.00,11097.49],
[5847.00,1336.00,9067.69],
[4857.00,1336.00,9081.29],
[4688.00,0.00,11223.08],
[5183.00,334.00,9915.93],
[4523.00,334.00,11262.04],
[4686.00,0.00,11299.84],
[4678.00,0.00,12011.18],
x=[4682.00 4690.00 4847.00 4513.00 5014.00 5010.00 5680.00 4680.00 4845.00 4849.00 4692.00 4682.00 4686.00 4509.00 4682.00 5847.00 4857.00 4688.00 5183.00 4523.00 4686.00 4678.00 ];
y=[334.00 0.00 668.00 1336.00 334.00 2338.00 1670.00 2672.00 2004.00 1002.00 1670.00 1002.00 668.00 1002.00 668.00 1336.00 1336.00 0.00 334.00 334.00 0.00 0.00 ];
z=[11186.23 11216.88 10201.82 9243.52 9922.39 8705.50 8928.79 8072.54 8966.85 9543.52 9102.94 9896.87 10991.64 10658.60 11097.49 9067.69 9081.29 11223.08 9915.93 11262.04 11299.84 12011.18 ];
tot = 44
total time: 3753.93 s
