m = 8 n = 262
pop = 30 gen = 400
init...begin
greedy begin
heregreedy done
init...done
*****************************t=0*****************************
find a better solution in: 0.23 s	
find a better solution in: 0.23 s	
find a better solution in : 0.30 s	
find a better solution in: 0.30 s	
find a better solution in : 0.36 s	
find a better solution in : 0.87 s	
find a better solution in : 0.89 s	
find a better solution in: 0.89 s	
find a better solution in: 0.89 s	
find a better solution in : 0.89 s	
find a better solution in: 0.91 s	
find a better solution in: 0.92 s	
find a better solution in: 0.97 s	
find a better solution in : 0.97 s	
find a better solution in: 0.97 s	
find a better solution in: 0.98 s	
find a better solution in: 1.36 s	
find a better solution in: 1.37 s	
find a better solution in: 1.37 s	
find a better solution in: 1.47 s	
find a better solution in : 1.51 s	
find a better solution in: 1.62 s	
find a better solution in: 1.67 s	
find a better solution in : 1.79 s	
find a better solution in: 1.79 s	
find a better solution in: 1.79 s	
find a better solution in : 1.86 s	
find a better solution in: 2.29 s	
find a better solution in : 2.45 s	
find a better solution in : 2.45 s	
find a better solution in: 2.46 s	
find a better solution in : 2.46 s	
find a better solution in: 2.46 s	
find a better solution in: 2.48 s	
find a better solution in : 2.51 s	
find a better solution in: 2.56 s	
find a better solution in: 2.79 s	
find a better solution in : 2.95 s	
find a better solution in: 2.95 s	
find a better solution in : 2.96 s	
find a better solution in : 2.96 s	
find a better solution in: 2.98 s	
find a better solution in : 3.29 s	
find a better solution in: 3.34 s	
find a better solution in : 3.42 s	
find a better solution in : 3.43 s	
find a better solution in : 3.43 s	
find a better solution in: 3.48 s	
find a better solution in: 3.48 s	
find a better solution in : 3.50 s	
find a better solution in : 3.51 s	
find a better solution in: 3.57 s	
find a better solution in: 3.88 s	
find a better solution in: 3.88 s	
find a better solution in: 3.88 s	
find a better solution in : 3.95 s	
find a better solution in: 4.01 s	
find a better solution in: 4.04 s	
find a better solution in: 4.24 s	
find a better solution in : 4.34 s	
find a better solution in : 4.35 s	
find a better solution in : 4.46 s	
find a better solution in: 4.54 s	
find a better solution in: 4.62 s	
find a better solution in: 4.68 s	
find a better solution in: 5.01 s	
find a better solution in: 5.12 s	
find a better solution in : 5.16 s	
find a better solution in: 5.16 s	
find a better solution in : 5.18 s	
find a better solution in: 5.18 s	
find a better solution in: 5.26 s	
find a better solution in: 5.68 s	
find a better solution in: 5.68 s	
find a better solution in: 5.71 s	
find a better solution in: 5.71 s	
find a better solution in : 5.87 s	
find a better solution in : 6.02 s	
find a better solution in: 6.05 s	
find a better solution in: 6.33 s	
find a better solution in : 6.35 s	
find a better solution in : 6.38 s	
find a better solution in: 6.38 s	
find a better solution in : 6.40 s	
find a better solution in : 6.40 s	
find a better solution in: 6.41 s	
find a better solution in: 6.54 s	
find a better solution in: 6.69 s	
find a better solution in: 6.94 s	
find a better solution in : 6.97 s	
find a better solution in : 7.22 s	
find a better solution in: 7.35 s	
find a better solution in : 7.43 s	
find a better solution in : 7.47 s	
find a better solution in: 7.52 s	
find a better solution in : 7.77 s	
find a better solution in: 7.91 s	
find a better solution in : 7.97 s	
find a better solution in : 8.02 s	
find a better solution in : 8.13 s	
find a better solution in: 8.13 s	
find a better solution in: 8.14 s	
find a better solution in: 8.14 s	
find a better solution in: 8.16 s	
find a better solution in: 8.18 s	
find a better solution in : 8.22 s	
find a better solution in: 8.24 s	
find a better solution in: 8.24 s	
find a better solution in: 8.30 s	
find a better solution in: 8.36 s	
find a better solution in : 8.36 s	
find a better solution in : 8.42 s	
find a better solution in: 8.44 s	
find a better solution in: 8.46 s	
find a better solution in : 8.60 s	
find a better solution in: 8.60 s	
find a better solution in: 8.60 s	
find a better solution in : 8.61 s	
find a better solution in: 8.61 s	
find a better solution in: 8.63 s	
find a better solution in: 8.63 s	
find a better solution in: 8.64 s	
find a better solution in: 8.99 s	
find a better solution in: 8.99 s	
find a better solution in: 9.16 s	
find a better solution in : 9.19 s	
find a better solution in : 9.20 s	
find a better solution in : 9.20 s	
find a better solution in : 9.30 s	
find a better solution in : 9.31 s	
find a better solution in: 9.31 s	
find a better solution in : 9.36 s	
find a better solution in : 9.41 s	
find a better solution in: 9.42 s	
find a better solution in: 9.59 s	
find a better solution in: 9.86 s	
find a better solution in: 10.00 s	
find a better solution in : 10.06 s	
find a better solution in : 10.06 s	
find a better solution in : 10.08 s	
find a better solution in: 10.16 s	
find a better solution in: 10.17 s	
find a better solution in : 10.17 s	
find a better solution in: 10.23 s	
find a better solution in: 10.28 s	
find a better solution in: 10.30 s	
find a better solution in : 10.37 s	
find a better solution in : 10.39 s	
find a better solution in: 10.44 s	
find a better solution in : 16.08 s	
find a better solution in: 16.10 s	
find a better solution in : 16.13 s	
find a better solution in: 16.29 s	
find a better solution in : 16.36 s	
find a better solution in: 16.36 s	
find a better solution in: 16.54 s	
find a better solution in : 16.58 s	
find a better solution in : 16.63 s	
find a better solution in: 17.02 s	
find a better solution in: 17.02 s	
find a better solution in: 17.05 s	
find a better solution in: 17.43 s	
find a better solution in: 17.47 s	
find a better solution in : 17.49 s	
find a better solution in : 17.50 s	
find a better solution in : 17.52 s	
find a better solution in: 17.54 s	
find a better solution in : 17.68 s	
find a better solution in: 17.68 s	
find a better solution in : 17.68 s	
find a better solution in : 17.68 s	
find a better solution in : 17.69 s	
find a better solution in : 17.69 s	
find a better solution in : 17.69 s	
find a better solution in: 17.69 s	
find a better solution in : 17.71 s	
find a better solution in: 17.71 s	
find a better solution in : 17.71 s	
find a better solution in : 17.72 s	
find a better solution in: 17.74 s	
find a better solution in: 17.75 s	
find a better solution in : 17.99 s	
find a better solution in : 18.10 s	
find a better solution in : 18.13 s	
find a better solution in: 18.24 s	
find a better solution in : 18.27 s	
find a better solution in : 18.39 s	
find a better solution in : 18.39 s	
find a better solution in: 18.41 s	
find a better solution in : 18.41 s	
find a better solution in : 18.42 s	
find a better solution in : 18.42 s	
find a better solution in: 18.44 s	
find a better solution in: 18.80 s	
find a better solution in: 18.84 s	
find a better solution in: 18.84 s	
find a better solution in: 18.92 s	
find a better solution in: 19.20 s	
find a better solution in: 19.22 s	
find a better solution in : 19.22 s	
find a better solution in: 19.22 s	
find a better solution in: 19.27 s	
find a better solution in: 19.28 s	
find a better solution in: 19.28 s	
find a better solution in: 19.30 s	
find a better solution in: 19.36 s	
find a better solution in: 19.36 s	
find a better solution in : 19.36 s	
find a better solution in : 19.38 s	
find a better solution in: 19.38 s	
find a better solution in: 19.38 s	
find a better solution in: 19.48 s	
find a better solution in: 19.50 s	
find a better solution in: 19.50 s	
find a better solution in: 19.72 s	
find a better solution in : 19.72 s	
find a better solution in : 19.72 s	
find a better solution in: 19.77 s	
find a better solution in: 19.77 s	
find a better solution in: 19.77 s	
find a better solution in: 19.81 s	
find a better solution in: 19.84 s	
find a better solution in: 19.95 s	
find a better solution in: 19.95 s	
find a better solution in : 20.05 s	
find a better solution in: 20.14 s	
find a better solution in: 20.16 s	
find a better solution in : 20.22 s	
find a better solution in: 20.36 s	
find a better solution in: 20.39 s	
find a better solution in : 20.45 s	
find a better solution in: 20.50 s	
find a better solution in: 20.59 s	
find a better solution in: 20.61 s	
find a better solution in : 21.00 s	
find a better solution in : 21.01 s	
find a better solution in: 21.01 s	
find a better solution in : 21.01 s	
find a better solution in : 21.03 s	
find a better solution in: 21.03 s	
find a better solution in : 21.09 s	
find a better solution in : 45.99 s	
find a better solution in : 60.78 s	
find a better solution in : 62.23 s	
find a better solution in: 62.35 s	
find a better solution in: 62.37 s	
find a better solution in : 84.40 s	
find a better solution in : 84.41 s	
find a better solution in : 84.43 s	
find a better solution in: 84.43 s	
find a better solution in: 84.55 s	
find a better solution in: 84.57 s	
find a better solution in: 85.08 s	
find a better solution in : 85.10 s	
find a better solution in: 85.13 s	
find a better solution in: 85.16 s	
find a better solution in: 85.18 s	
find a better solution in: 85.53 s	
find a better solution in: 86.02 s	
find a better solution in : 86.19 s	
find a better solution in: 86.21 s	
find a better solution in : 86.53 s	
find a better solution in : 93.97 s	
find a better solution in: 93.97 s	
find a better solution in : 94.01 s	
find a better solution in: 94.02 s	
find a better solution in : 127.00 s	
find a better solution in : 127.02 s	
find a better solution in: 127.02 s	
find a better solution in: 127.06 s	
find a better solution in : 127.42 s	
find a better solution in: 127.44 s	
find a better solution in : 127.45 s	
find a better solution in: 127.48 s	
find a better solution in : 127.52 s	
find a better solution in: 127.61 s	
find a better solution in: 127.64 s	
find a better solution in: 127.83 s	
find a better solution in : 128.00 s	
find a better solution in : 128.01 s	
find a better solution in : 173.82 s	
find a better solution in : 173.89 s	
find a better solution in : 173.96 s	
find a better solution in: 174.19 s	
find a better solution in: 174.39 s	
find a better solution in: 174.52 s	
find a better solution in : 174.66 s	
find a better solution in : 174.67 s	
find a better solution in: 174.86 s	
find a better solution in: 174.94 s	
find a better solution in: 174.95 s	
find a better solution in: 175.16 s	
find a better solution in: 175.17 s	
find a better solution in: 175.31 s	
find a better solution in: 175.33 s	
find a better solution in: 175.33 s	
find a better solution in: 175.34 s	
find a better solution in: 175.34 s	
find a better solution in: 175.38 s	
find a better solution in: 175.41 s	
find a better solution in: 175.42 s	
find a better solution in: 175.64 s	
find a better solution in: 175.73 s	
find a better solution in: 175.81 s	
find a better solution in : 175.86 s	
find a better solution in: 176.22 s	
find a better solution in : 176.41 s	
find a better solution in: 176.48 s	
find a better solution in : 176.56 s	
find a better solution in : 176.56 s	
find a better solution in: 176.58 s	
find a better solution in: 176.86 s	
find a better solution in: 176.87 s	
find a better solution in : 177.06 s	
find a better solution in: 177.28 s	
find a better solution in: 177.39 s	
find a better solution in : 177.54 s	
find a better solution in: 177.57 s	
find a better solution in: 177.98 s	
find a better solution in: 178.00 s	
find a better solution in : 178.00 s	
find a better solution in : 178.00 s	
find a better solution in: 178.01 s	
find a better solution in : 178.01 s	
find a better solution in : 178.35 s	
find a better solution in : 178.37 s	
find a better solution in: 178.39 s	
find a better solution in: 178.39 s	
find a better solution in: 178.40 s	
find a better solution in: 178.45 s	
find a better solution in: 178.53 s	
find a better solution in: 178.70 s	
find a better solution in : 178.79 s	
find a better solution in : 178.85 s	
find a better solution in: 178.85 s	
find a better solution in: 178.93 s	
find a better solution in: 179.04 s	
find a better solution in : 179.51 s	
find a better solution in: 179.53 s	
find a better solution in : 179.62 s	
find a better solution in : 179.74 s	
find a better solution in: 179.82 s	
find a better solution in : 179.85 s	
find a better solution in : 179.88 s	
find a better solution in: 179.93 s	
find a better solution in: 180.04 s	
find a better solution in : 180.13 s	
find a better solution in: 180.13 s	
find a better solution in: 180.15 s	
find a better solution in: 180.46 s	
find a better solution in: 180.52 s	
find a better solution in: 180.62 s	
find a better solution in : 180.79 s	
find a better solution in : 180.79 s	
find a better solution in: 180.84 s	
find a better solution in: 180.93 s	
find a better solution in: 181.15 s	
find a better solution in: 181.62 s	
find a better solution in: 181.62 s	
find a better solution in : 181.74 s	
find a better solution in : 181.74 s	
find a better solution in: 182.26 s	
find a better solution in: 182.38 s	
find a better solution in: 182.60 s	
find a better solution in: 182.65 s	
find a better solution in: 182.74 s	
find a better solution in : 182.80 s	
find a better solution in : 182.94 s	
find a better solution in: 183.00 s	
find a better solution in : 215.55 s	
find a better solution in : 216.42 s	
find a better solution in: 216.42 s	
find a better solution in: 216.47 s	
find a better solution in : 234.48 s	
1 generation time: 235.00 s
*****************************t=1*****************************
find a better solution in: 258.62 s	
find a better solution in: 258.93 s	
find a better solution in : 259.35 s	
find a better solution in : 259.37 s	
find a better solution in : 259.37 s	
find a better solution in : 259.41 s	
find a better solution in : 259.52 s	
find a better solution in : 282.25 s	
find a better solution in: 282.28 s	
find a better solution in : 282.38 s	
find a better solution in : 282.75 s	
find a better solution in: 282.75 s	
find a better solution in: 282.77 s	
find a better solution in: 282.78 s	
find a better solution in: 283.34 s	
find a better solution in : 283.36 s	
find a better solution in: 283.53 s	
find a better solution in: 283.94 s	
find a better solution in : 283.95 s	
find a better solution in: 283.95 s	
find a better solution in: 283.97 s	
find a better solution in : 283.97 s	
find a better solution in: 283.97 s	
find a better solution in : 283.97 s	
find a better solution in : 284.01 s	
find a better solution in: 284.01 s	
find a better solution in: 284.05 s	
find a better solution in: 284.36 s	
find a better solution in: 284.44 s	
find a better solution in: 284.53 s	
find a better solution in: 284.67 s	
find a better solution in : 284.98 s	
find a better solution in: 285.00 s	
find a better solution in: 285.23 s	
find a better solution in : 285.43 s	
find a better solution in: 285.43 s	
find a better solution in: 285.51 s	
find a better solution in: 285.62 s	
find a better solution in: 285.62 s	
find a better solution in: 285.93 s	
find a better solution in: 286.09 s	
find a better solution in : 286.20 s	
find a better solution in : 299.07 s	
find a better solution in: 299.72 s	
find a better solution in : 299.72 s	
find a better solution in : 299.74 s	
find a better solution in: 299.77 s	
find a better solution in: 300.07 s	
find a better solution in : 300.24 s	
find a better solution in : 300.30 s	
find a better solution in: 300.32 s	
find a better solution in: 300.47 s	
find a better solution in: 300.66 s	
find a better solution in : 301.00 s	
find a better solution in: 301.25 s	
find a better solution in: 301.49 s	
find a better solution in : 301.58 s	
find a better solution in: 301.60 s	
find a better solution in: 301.60 s	
find a better solution in: 301.63 s	
find a better solution in: 301.67 s	
find a better solution in: 301.70 s	
find a better solution in : 301.88 s	
find a better solution in: 302.08 s	
find a better solution in : 302.08 s	
find a better solution in: 302.10 s	
find a better solution in : 302.14 s	
find a better solution in : 302.14 s	
find a better solution in : 302.14 s	
find a better solution in: 302.38 s	
find a better solution in: 302.63 s	
find a better solution in : 302.66 s	
find a better solution in: 302.70 s	
find a better solution in: 302.76 s	
find a better solution in : 302.91 s	
find a better solution in: 303.17 s	
find a better solution in : 303.17 s	
find a better solution in : 303.17 s	
find a better solution in: 303.19 s	
find a better solution in: 303.23 s	
find a better solution in: 303.30 s	
find a better solution in : 303.64 s	
find a better solution in: 303.64 s	
find a better solution in: 303.64 s	
find a better solution in: 303.69 s	
find a better solution in : 303.73 s	
find a better solution in : 303.80 s	
find a better solution in: 303.80 s	
find a better solution in: 303.90 s	
find a better solution in: 304.34 s	
find a better solution in : 304.34 s	
find a better solution in: 304.53 s	
find a better solution in: 304.59 s	
find a better solution in: 304.64 s	
find a better solution in : 305.11 s	
find a better solution in: 305.11 s	
find a better solution in : 305.12 s	
find a better solution in : 305.23 s	
find a better solution in: 305.46 s	
find a better solution in: 305.46 s	
find a better solution in: 305.51 s	
find a better solution in: 305.56 s	
find a better solution in : 305.64 s	
find a better solution in: 305.64 s	
find a better solution in : 305.78 s	
find a better solution in : 305.81 s	
find a better solution in: 306.09 s	
find a better solution in: 306.09 s	
find a better solution in: 306.10 s	
find a better solution in: 306.12 s	
find a better solution in : 306.15 s	
find a better solution in : 306.29 s	
find a better solution in : 306.29 s	
find a better solution in: 306.34 s	
find a better solution in : 306.43 s	
find a better solution in: 306.43 s	
find a better solution in: 306.45 s	
find a better solution in: 306.45 s	
find a better solution in : 306.56 s	
find a better solution in: 306.62 s	
find a better solution in : 306.63 s	
find a better solution in : 306.76 s	
find a better solution in: 306.81 s	
find a better solution in : 306.95 s	
find a better solution in: 306.98 s	
find a better solution in: 307.06 s	
find a better solution in : 307.23 s	
find a better solution in: 307.31 s	
find a better solution in: 307.49 s	
find a better solution in : 307.56 s	
find a better solution in: 307.63 s	
find a better solution in: 307.63 s	
find a better solution in : 307.63 s	
find a better solution in : 307.65 s	
find a better solution in : 307.65 s	
find a better solution in: 307.69 s	
find a better solution in: 307.71 s	
find a better solution in : 307.73 s	
find a better solution in: 307.83 s	
find a better solution in: 308.04 s	
find a better solution in: 308.04 s	
find a better solution in: 308.04 s	
find a better solution in: 308.05 s	
find a better solution in : 308.40 s	
find a better solution in: 308.52 s	
find a better solution in : 308.57 s	
find a better solution in: 308.57 s	
find a better solution in: 308.58 s	
find a better solution in: 308.69 s	
find a better solution in: 308.69 s	
find a better solution in : 308.79 s	
find a better solution in: 308.80 s	
find a better solution in: 308.82 s	
find a better solution in: 308.90 s	
find a better solution in: 309.08 s	
find a better solution in : 309.36 s	
find a better solution in : 327.40 s	
find a better solution in: 327.57 s	
find a better solution in: 327.58 s	
find a better solution in: 327.58 s	
find a better solution in: 327.88 s	
find a better solution in: 327.90 s	
find a better solution in : 327.91 s	
find a better solution in: 328.35 s	
find a better solution in : 328.37 s	
find a better solution in: 328.37 s	
find a better solution in : 328.37 s	
find a better solution in : 328.52 s	
find a better solution in : 328.85 s	
find a better solution in: 328.85 s	
find a better solution in : 329.07 s	
find a better solution in: 329.07 s	
find a better solution in: 329.25 s	
find a better solution in: 329.27 s	
find a better solution in: 329.36 s	
find a better solution in: 329.75 s	
find a better solution in : 329.80 s	
find a better solution in: 329.80 s	
find a better solution in: 329.82 s	
find a better solution in: 330.24 s	
find a better solution in: 330.88 s	
find a better solution in: 331.17 s	
find a better solution in: 331.19 s	
find a better solution in: 331.36 s	
find a better solution in : 331.59 s	
find a better solution in: 331.63 s	
find a better solution in : 332.11 s	
find a better solution in: 332.16 s	
find a better solution in : 332.31 s	
find a better solution in: 332.31 s	
find a better solution in: 332.33 s	
find a better solution in: 332.44 s	
find a better solution in: 332.48 s	
find a better solution in: 332.72 s	
find a better solution in: 332.81 s	
find a better solution in : 332.95 s	
find a better solution in: 332.97 s	
find a better solution in : 333.03 s	
find a better solution in : 333.37 s	
find a better solution in : 333.64 s	
find a better solution in : 333.64 s	
find a better solution in: 333.64 s	
find a better solution in : 333.65 s	
find a better solution in: 358.80 s	
find a better solution in: 358.80 s	
find a better solution in: 359.27 s	
find a better solution in: 359.27 s	
find a better solution in: 359.32 s	
find a better solution in : 359.52 s	
find a better solution in : 359.52 s	
find a better solution in: 359.53 s	
find a better solution in : 359.61 s	
find a better solution in : 359.61 s	
find a better solution in: 359.61 s	
find a better solution in: 359.63 s	
find a better solution in : 359.67 s	
find a better solution in: 359.89 s	
find a better solution in: 359.89 s	
find a better solution in : 359.95 s	
find a better solution in: 360.00 s	
find a better solution in: 360.02 s	
find a better solution in: 360.06 s	
find a better solution in: 360.20 s	
find a better solution in: 360.44 s	
find a better solution in : 360.58 s	
find a better solution in: 360.80 s	
find a better solution in: 360.81 s	
find a better solution in: 360.91 s	
find a better solution in : 361.05 s	
find a better solution in: 361.06 s	
find a better solution in: 361.06 s	
find a better solution in : 361.08 s	
find a better solution in : 361.08 s	
find a better solution in: 361.09 s	
find a better solution in : 361.36 s	
find a better solution in : 361.38 s	
find a better solution in: 361.39 s	
find a better solution in : 361.61 s	
find a better solution in: 361.61 s	
find a better solution in: 361.61 s	
find a better solution in : 361.61 s	
find a better solution in: 361.62 s	
find a better solution in : 361.62 s	
find a better solution in : 362.09 s	
find a better solution in: 362.09 s	
find a better solution in : 362.12 s	
find a better solution in : 362.22 s	
find a better solution in: 362.48 s	
find a better solution in: 362.70 s	
find a better solution in: 362.78 s	
find a better solution in : 362.86 s	
find a better solution in: 363.15 s	
find a better solution in: 363.28 s	
find a better solution in : 363.40 s	
find a better solution in: 363.40 s	
find a better solution in : 363.53 s	
find a better solution in: 363.54 s	
find a better solution in : 363.54 s	
find a better solution in: 363.56 s	
find a better solution in : 363.65 s	
find a better solution in : 363.89 s	
find a better solution in : 363.96 s	
find a better solution in: 364.11 s	
find a better solution in: 364.11 s	
find a better solution in: 364.21 s	
find a better solution in: 364.34 s	
find a better solution in: 364.35 s	
find a better solution in : 364.43 s	
find a better solution in : 364.50 s	
find a better solution in: 392.79 s	
find a better solution in : 392.84 s	
find a better solution in : 392.89 s	
find a better solution in: 392.90 s	
find a better solution in: 392.90 s	
find a better solution in: 392.98 s	
find a better solution in : 393.25 s	
find a better solution in : 393.31 s	
find a better solution in: 393.51 s	
find a better solution in: 393.70 s	
find a better solution in: 394.04 s	
find a better solution in : 429.03 s	
find a better solution in : 429.27 s	
find a better solution in: 429.28 s	
find a better solution in : 429.30 s	
find a better solution in : 429.55 s	
find a better solution in: 429.59 s	
find a better solution in: 429.73 s	
find a better solution in: 429.80 s	
find a better solution in : 430.17 s	
find a better solution in : 430.17 s	
find a better solution in : 430.33 s	
2 generation time: 492.94 s
*****************************t=2*****************************
find a better solution in : 527.67 s	
find a better solution in: 527.75 s	
find a better solution in : 531.35 s	
find a better solution in: 531.35 s	
find a better solution in: 531.35 s	
find a better solution in: 531.37 s	
find a better solution in: 531.37 s	
find a better solution in: 531.40 s	
find a better solution in : 531.40 s	
find a better solution in : 531.70 s	
find a better solution in: 531.70 s	
find a better solution in : 531.71 s	
find a better solution in: 531.93 s	
find a better solution in : 531.95 s	
find a better solution in: 531.98 s	
find a better solution in: 531.99 s	
find a better solution in : 532.05 s	
find a better solution in : 532.07 s	
find a better solution in: 532.07 s	
find a better solution in : 532.35 s	
find a better solution in: 532.37 s	
find a better solution in: 532.45 s	
find a better solution in: 532.45 s	
find a better solution in: 532.66 s	
find a better solution in: 532.66 s	
find a better solution in: 532.96 s	
find a better solution in: 532.98 s	
find a better solution in : 533.19 s	
find a better solution in : 533.23 s	
find a better solution in : 533.32 s	
find a better solution in : 533.32 s	
find a better solution in: 533.33 s	
find a better solution in : 533.33 s	
find a better solution in : 533.72 s	
3 generation time: 697.55 s
*****************************t=3*****************************
find a better solution in: 765.34 s	
find a better solution in : 798.94 s	
find a better solution in : 808.00 s	
find a better solution in : 808.05 s	
find a better solution in : 816.38 s	
find a better solution in : 816.57 s	
find a better solution in : 826.49 s	
find a better solution in: 826.49 s	
find a better solution in: 826.76 s	
find a better solution in: 826.77 s	
find a better solution in: 826.77 s	
find a better solution in: 826.77 s	
find a better solution in : 826.89 s	
find a better solution in: 826.91 s	
find a better solution in: 826.94 s	
find a better solution in: 827.28 s	
find a better solution in: 827.44 s	
find a better solution in : 827.64 s	
find a better solution in : 827.67 s	
find a better solution in: 827.69 s	
find a better solution in : 827.75 s	
find a better solution in: 827.83 s	
find a better solution in: 827.83 s	
find a better solution in: 827.96 s	
find a better solution in : 828.07 s	
find a better solution in: 828.08 s	
find a better solution in : 828.13 s	
find a better solution in : 828.14 s	
find a better solution in: 828.16 s	
find a better solution in: 828.17 s	
find a better solution in: 828.19 s	
find a better solution in: 828.55 s	
find a better solution in: 828.61 s	
find a better solution in : 828.63 s	
find a better solution in: 828.67 s	
find a better solution in: 828.74 s	
find a better solution in : 828.80 s	
find a better solution in : 828.92 s	
find a better solution in : 829.06 s	
find a better solution in: 829.06 s	
find a better solution in: 829.10 s	
find a better solution in: 829.22 s	
find a better solution in: 829.31 s	
4 generation time: 882.17 s
*****************************t=4*****************************
find a better solution in : 1019.07 s	
5 generation time: 1092.16 s
*****************************t=5*****************************
6 generation time: 1323.49 s
*****************************t=6*****************************
find a better solution in : 1347.02 s	
find a better solution in: 1347.44 s	
find a better solution in: 1370.85 s	
find a better solution in: 1370.88 s	
find a better solution in : 1370.98 s	
find a better solution in: 1371.01 s	
find a better solution in: 1371.44 s	
find a better solution in: 1371.56 s	
find a better solution in: 1371.57 s	
find a better solution in: 1371.93 s	
find a better solution in: 1371.96 s	
find a better solution in: 1371.98 s	
find a better solution in: 1372.34 s	
find a better solution in: 1372.83 s	
find a better solution in : 1372.85 s	
find a better solution in : 1373.07 s	
find a better solution in: 1373.10 s	
find a better solution in : 1373.19 s	
find a better solution in: 1373.27 s	
find a better solution in : 1373.27 s	
find a better solution in: 1373.27 s	
find a better solution in: 1373.33 s	
find a better solution in: 1373.36 s	
find a better solution in: 1373.36 s	
find a better solution in: 1373.57 s	
find a better solution in : 1373.63 s	
find a better solution in : 1373.66 s	
find a better solution in: 1373.71 s	
find a better solution in: 1373.75 s	
find a better solution in: 1373.75 s	
find a better solution in: 1373.80 s	
find a better solution in : 1374.08 s	
find a better solution in: 1374.14 s	
find a better solution in: 1374.46 s	
find a better solution in: 1374.49 s	
find a better solution in: 1374.55 s	
find a better solution in: 1374.57 s	
find a better solution in : 1374.71 s	
find a better solution in: 1374.72 s	
find a better solution in : 1374.72 s	
find a better solution in: 1374.72 s	
find a better solution in : 1374.74 s	
find a better solution in: 1374.80 s	
find a better solution in : 1374.99 s	
find a better solution in : 1375.00 s	
find a better solution in: 1375.10 s	
find a better solution in : 1375.11 s	
find a better solution in: 1375.27 s	
find a better solution in : 1375.38 s	
find a better solution in: 1376.05 s	
find a better solution in : 1376.11 s	
find a better solution in : 1376.11 s	
find a better solution in: 1581.43 s	
find a better solution in: 1581.54 s	
find a better solution in: 1581.54 s	
find a better solution in: 1581.59 s	
find a better solution in : 1582.01 s	
find a better solution in: 1582.06 s	
find a better solution in: 1582.15 s	
find a better solution in : 1582.51 s	
find a better solution in: 1582.92 s	
find a better solution in: 1582.92 s	
find a better solution in: 1583.07 s	
find a better solution in: 1583.09 s	
find a better solution in : 1583.12 s	
find a better solution in : 1583.32 s	
find a better solution in: 1583.32 s	
find a better solution in : 1583.59 s	
find a better solution in: 1583.59 s	
find a better solution in: 1583.77 s	
find a better solution in : 1584.32 s	
find a better solution in : 1584.34 s	
find a better solution in: 1584.35 s	
find a better solution in: 1584.37 s	
find a better solution in: 1584.41 s	
find a better solution in: 1584.60 s	
find a better solution in: 1584.66 s	
find a better solution in: 1584.88 s	
find a better solution in: 1585.02 s	
find a better solution in: 1585.29 s	
find a better solution in: 1585.35 s	
find a better solution in: 1585.41 s	
find a better solution in: 1585.41 s	
find a better solution in : 1585.41 s	
find a better solution in: 1585.44 s	
find a better solution in : 1585.51 s	
find a better solution in: 1585.52 s	
find a better solution in : 1585.54 s	
find a better solution in : 1585.54 s	
find a better solution in: 1585.55 s	
find a better solution in: 1585.55 s	
find a better solution in: 1585.57 s	
find a better solution in : 1585.60 s	
find a better solution in : 1585.82 s	
find a better solution in : 1585.83 s	
find a better solution in: 1585.85 s	
find a better solution in: 1585.88 s	
find a better solution in: 1585.91 s	
find a better solution in: 1585.96 s	
find a better solution in: 1586.52 s	
find a better solution in: 1586.53 s	
find a better solution in: 1586.55 s	
find a better solution in : 1586.66 s	
find a better solution in : 1586.68 s	
find a better solution in : 1586.83 s	
find a better solution in: 1586.85 s	
find a better solution in : 1586.85 s	
find a better solution in: 1586.86 s	
find a better solution in: 1586.88 s	
find a better solution in : 1587.03 s	
find a better solution in : 1587.03 s	
find a better solution in: 1587.07 s	
find a better solution in: 1587.16 s	
find a better solution in: 1587.61 s	
find a better solution in : 1587.72 s	
find a better solution in: 1587.72 s	
find a better solution in: 1587.74 s	
find a better solution in: 1587.86 s	
find a better solution in: 1587.86 s	
find a better solution in: 1588.11 s	
find a better solution in: 1588.17 s	
find a better solution in : 1588.23 s	
find a better solution in: 1588.23 s	
find a better solution in: 1588.34 s	
find a better solution in: 1588.34 s	
find a better solution in : 1588.59 s	
find a better solution in: 1588.81 s	
find a better solution in : 1588.94 s	
find a better solution in : 1589.25 s	
find a better solution in : 1589.26 s	
find a better solution in: 1589.31 s	
find a better solution in : 1589.31 s	
find a better solution in: 1589.31 s	
7 generation time: 1589.48 s
*****************************t=7*****************************
find a better solution in : 1727.09 s	
find a better solution in: 1727.31 s	
find a better solution in : 1727.37 s	
find a better solution in: 1727.65 s	
find a better solution in: 1728.01 s	
find a better solution in : 1728.07 s	
find a better solution in: 1728.11 s	
find a better solution in : 1728.21 s	
find a better solution in: 1728.26 s	
find a better solution in: 1728.31 s	
find a better solution in: 1728.42 s	
find a better solution in: 1728.56 s	
find a better solution in: 1728.56 s	
find a better solution in : 1728.74 s	
find a better solution in: 1728.74 s	
find a better solution in: 1728.84 s	
find a better solution in : 1728.85 s	
find a better solution in : 1728.92 s	
find a better solution in: 1728.93 s	
find a better solution in : 1729.10 s	
find a better solution in: 1729.21 s	
find a better solution in: 1729.21 s	
find a better solution in: 1729.40 s	
find a better solution in: 1729.40 s	
find a better solution in : 1729.52 s	
find a better solution in : 1729.54 s	
find a better solution in : 1729.95 s	
find a better solution in: 1729.96 s	
find a better solution in : 1730.01 s	
find a better solution in: 1730.09 s	
find a better solution in: 1730.24 s	
find a better solution in: 1730.43 s	
find a better solution in: 1730.44 s	
find a better solution in : 1730.48 s	
find a better solution in: 1730.71 s	
find a better solution in: 1730.71 s	
find a better solution in : 1730.73 s	
find a better solution in : 1730.91 s	
find a better solution in: 1730.91 s	
find a better solution in : 1730.96 s	
find a better solution in: 1730.96 s	
find a better solution in: 1730.96 s	
find a better solution in: 1730.97 s	
find a better solution in : 1730.99 s	
find a better solution in: 1731.01 s	
find a better solution in : 1731.05 s	
find a better solution in : 1731.08 s	
find a better solution in: 1731.30 s	
find a better solution in: 1731.49 s	
find a better solution in: 1731.58 s	
find a better solution in: 1731.65 s	
find a better solution in : 1731.65 s	
find a better solution in: 1731.69 s	
find a better solution in : 1731.71 s	
find a better solution in : 1731.76 s	
find a better solution in : 1731.76 s	
find a better solution in: 1731.79 s	
find a better solution in: 1731.82 s	
find a better solution in: 1731.82 s	
find a better solution in : 1731.83 s	
find a better solution in: 1731.86 s	
find a better solution in: 1731.86 s	
find a better solution in : 1731.93 s	
find a better solution in : 1731.99 s	
find a better solution in: 1732.01 s	
find a better solution in: 1732.13 s	
find a better solution in : 1732.15 s	
find a better solution in : 1732.18 s	
find a better solution in : 1732.19 s	
find a better solution in: 1732.24 s	
8 generation time: 1793.08 s
*****************************t=8*****************************
find a better solution in: 1955.57 s	
find a better solution in: 1955.86 s	
find a better solution in : 1956.07 s	
find a better solution in: 1956.07 s	
find a better solution in : 1956.33 s	
9 generation time: 1994.30 s
*****************************t=9*****************************
10 generation time: 2166.73 s
*****************************t=10*****************************
11 generation time: 2378.06 s
*****************************t=11*****************************
12 generation time: 2571.99 s
*****************************t=12*****************************
13 generation time: 2781.71 s
*****************************t=13*****************************
find a better solution in : 2967.01 s	
find a better solution in: 2967.16 s	
find a better solution in: 2967.46 s	
find a better solution in : 2967.52 s	
find a better solution in : 2967.52 s	
find a better solution in: 2967.63 s	
find a better solution in : 2967.69 s	
find a better solution in: 2967.69 s	
find a better solution in: 2967.75 s	
find a better solution in: 2967.77 s	
find a better solution in: 2967.99 s	
find a better solution in: 2968.03 s	
find a better solution in : 2968.07 s	
find a better solution in : 2968.08 s	
find a better solution in : 2968.19 s	
find a better solution in: 2968.24 s	
find a better solution in: 2968.38 s	
find a better solution in: 2968.38 s	
find a better solution in: 2968.43 s	
find a better solution in: 2968.49 s	
find a better solution in: 2968.50 s	
find a better solution in : 2968.50 s	
find a better solution in: 2968.55 s	
find a better solution in: 2968.57 s	
find a better solution in: 2968.83 s	
find a better solution in: 2968.92 s	
find a better solution in: 2969.30 s	
find a better solution in: 2969.50 s	
find a better solution in: 2969.59 s	
find a better solution in : 2969.72 s	
find a better solution in : 2969.74 s	
find a better solution in : 2969.78 s	
find a better solution in : 2969.80 s	
find a better solution in: 2970.13 s	
find a better solution in : 2970.44 s	
find a better solution in : 2970.45 s	
find a better solution in: 2970.78 s	
find a better solution in : 2970.97 s	
find a better solution in: 2971.12 s	
find a better solution in: 2971.20 s	
find a better solution in : 2971.45 s	
find a better solution in: 2971.65 s	
find a better solution in: 2971.72 s	
find a better solution in : 2971.76 s	
find a better solution in: 2971.76 s	
find a better solution in : 2971.78 s	
find a better solution in: 2971.78 s	
find a better solution in : 2971.86 s	
find a better solution in: 2971.92 s	
find a better solution in: 2971.93 s	
find a better solution in: 2972.22 s	
find a better solution in: 2972.64 s	
find a better solution in: 2972.76 s	
find a better solution in: 2972.78 s	
find a better solution in: 2972.79 s	
find a better solution in: 2973.06 s	
find a better solution in: 2973.07 s	
find a better solution in: 2973.07 s	
find a better solution in: 2973.12 s	
find a better solution in : 2973.14 s	
find a better solution in : 2973.15 s	
find a better solution in : 2973.60 s	
find a better solution in: 2973.73 s	
find a better solution in: 2973.81 s	
find a better solution in: 2973.82 s	
find a better solution in: 2973.99 s	
find a better solution in: 2974.15 s	
find a better solution in: 2974.17 s	
find a better solution in : 2974.38 s	
find a better solution in: 2974.45 s	
find a better solution in: 2974.51 s	
find a better solution in: 2974.65 s	
find a better solution in: 2974.84 s	
find a better solution in: 2974.84 s	
find a better solution in : 2974.98 s	
find a better solution in : 2974.99 s	
find a better solution in: 2975.09 s	
find a better solution in: 2975.10 s	
find a better solution in: 2975.12 s	
find a better solution in : 2975.12 s	
find a better solution in: 2975.20 s	
find a better solution in: 2975.59 s	
find a better solution in : 2975.74 s	
find a better solution in : 2975.99 s	
find a better solution in : 2976.16 s	
14 generation time: 2991.42 s
*****************************t=14*****************************
15 generation time: 3188.04 s
*****************************t=15*****************************
16 generation time: 3377.57 s
*****************************t=16*****************************
17 generation time: 3586.68 s
*****************************t=17*****************************
18 generation time: 3777.43 s
[44847.00,288.00,141394.94],
computation energy ratio: 0.765063, idle energy ratio: 0.000644, sleep energy ratio: 0.091771
computation time ratio: 0.751611, idle time ratio: 0.001586, sleep time ratio: 0.244640
[44416.00,459.50,140961.06],
computation energy ratio: 0.767429, idle energy ratio: 0.000915, sleep energy ratio: 0.088073
computation time ratio: 0.758904, idle time ratio: 0.002268, sleep time ratio: 0.236643
[54127.00,162.50,151919.82],
computation energy ratio: 0.712081, idle energy ratio: 0.000818, sleep energy ratio: 0.158183
computation time ratio: 0.622748, idle time ratio: 0.001794, sleep time ratio: 0.373748
[41672.00,610.50,137513.05],
computation energy ratio: 0.786695, idle energy ratio: 0.002217, sleep energy ratio: 0.065497
computation time ratio: 0.808876, idle time ratio: 0.005714, sleep time ratio: 0.183190
[44228.00,522.00,140610.70],
computation energy ratio: 0.769330, idle energy ratio: 0.001348, sleep energy ratio: 0.086343
computation time ratio: 0.762130, idle time ratio: 0.003349, sleep time ratio: 0.232327
[53941.00,172.00,151716.30],
computation energy ratio: 0.713036, idle energy ratio: 0.000743, sleep energy ratio: 0.156995
computation time ratio: 0.624896, idle time ratio: 0.001634, sleep time ratio: 0.371756
[41653.00,1252.00,137599.45],
computation energy ratio: 0.786212, idle energy ratio: 0.002715, sleep energy ratio: 0.064857
computation time ratio: 0.809245, idle time ratio: 0.007007, sleep time ratio: 0.181515
[42953.00,576.50,139030.31],
computation energy ratio: 0.778109, idle energy ratio: 0.001480, sleep energy ratio: 0.076407
computation time ratio: 0.784753, idle time ratio: 0.003742, sleep time ratio: 0.209351
[43393.00,574.50,139480.57],
computation energy ratio: 0.775598, idle energy ratio: 0.001488, sleep energy ratio: 0.079950
computation time ratio: 0.776796, idle time ratio: 0.003736, sleep time ratio: 0.217325
[41662.00,835.00,137458.63],
computation energy ratio: 0.787006, idle energy ratio: 0.002064, sleep energy ratio: 0.065539
computation time ratio: 0.809071, idle time ratio: 0.005320, sleep time ratio: 0.183390
AVERAGE: computation energy ratio: 0.764056, idle energy ratio: 0.001443, sleep energy ratio: 0.093361
AVERAGE: computation time ratio: 0.750903, idle time ratio: 0.003615, sleep time ratio: 0.243388
x=[44847.00 44416.00 54127.00 41672.00 44228.00 53941.00 41653.00 42953.00 43393.00 41662.00 ];
y=[288.00 459.50 162.50 610.50 522.00 172.00 1252.00 576.50 574.50 835.00 ];
z=[141394.94 140961.06 151919.82 137513.05 140610.70 151716.30 137599.45 139030.31 139480.57 137458.63 ];
tot = 20
total time: 3777.47 s
