m = 4 n = 28
pop = 30 gen = 400
init...begin
init...done
*****************************t=0*****************************
find a better solution in: 0.01 s	
find a better solution in : 0.01 s	
find a better solution in: 0.01 s	
find a better solution in : 0.03 s	
find a better solution in: 0.03 s	
find a better solution in: 0.03 s	
find a better solution in: 0.03 s	
find a better solution in : 0.03 s	
find a better solution in: 0.03 s	
find a better solution in: 0.03 s	
find a better solution in: 0.03 s	
find a better solution in : 0.03 s	
find a better solution in : 0.03 s	
find a better solution in: 0.05 s	
find a better solution in: 0.05 s	
find a better solution in: 0.05 s	
find a better solution in: 0.05 s	
find a better solution in: 0.05 s	
find a better solution in: 0.06 s	
find a better solution in : 0.06 s	
find a better solution in : 0.06 s	
find a better solution in: 0.06 s	
find a better solution in: 0.06 s	
find a better solution in: 0.06 s	
find a better solution in : 0.08 s	
find a better solution in: 0.08 s	
find a better solution in: 0.08 s	
find a better solution in : 0.08 s	
find a better solution in: 0.09 s	
find a better solution in: 0.09 s	
find a better solution in : 0.09 s	
find a better solution in: 0.11 s	
find a better solution in: 0.12 s	
find a better solution in: 0.14 s	
find a better solution in : 0.19 s	
find a better solution in: 0.19 s	
find a better solution in : 0.19 s	
find a better solution in: 0.19 s	
find a better solution in: 0.19 s	
find a better solution in : 0.19 s	
find a better solution in: 0.19 s	
find a better solution in : 0.19 s	
find a better solution in: 0.19 s	
find a better solution in: 0.19 s	
find a better solution in : 0.19 s	
find a better solution in: 0.20 s	
find a better solution in : 0.20 s	
find a better solution in: 0.20 s	
find a better solution in : 0.20 s	
find a better solution in : 0.20 s	
find a better solution in: 0.20 s	
find a better solution in: 0.20 s	
find a better solution in: 0.20 s	
find a better solution in : 0.22 s	
find a better solution in: 0.22 s	
find a better solution in: 0.22 s	
find a better solution in: 0.22 s	
find a better solution in : 0.22 s	
find a better solution in : 0.22 s	
find a better solution in: 0.22 s	
find a better solution in: 0.22 s	
find a better solution in: 0.22 s	
find a better solution in: 0.23 s	
find a better solution in: 0.23 s	
find a better solution in: 0.23 s	
find a better solution in : 0.23 s	
find a better solution in : 0.23 s	
find a better solution in: 0.23 s	
find a better solution in: 0.25 s	
find a better solution in: 0.25 s	
find a better solution in: 0.27 s	
find a better solution in: 0.28 s	
find a better solution in: 0.28 s	
find a better solution in: 0.30 s	
find a better solution in: 0.31 s	
find a better solution in: 0.33 s	
find a better solution in: 0.34 s	
find a better solution in: 0.34 s	
find a better solution in: 0.37 s	
find a better solution in: 0.37 s	
find a better solution in: 0.39 s	
find a better solution in: 0.39 s	
find a better solution in: 0.39 s	
find a better solution in: 0.39 s	
find a better solution in : 0.41 s	
find a better solution in: 0.41 s	
find a better solution in : 0.41 s	
find a better solution in: 0.41 s	
find a better solution in: 0.41 s	
find a better solution in: 0.41 s	
find a better solution in: 0.41 s	
find a better solution in : 0.41 s	
find a better solution in: 0.41 s	
find a better solution in: 0.41 s	
find a better solution in: 0.42 s	
find a better solution in : 0.42 s	
find a better solution in: 0.42 s	
find a better solution in: 0.42 s	
find a better solution in: 0.44 s	
find a better solution in: 0.44 s	
find a better solution in: 0.45 s	
find a better solution in : 0.52 s	
find a better solution in : 0.70 s	
find a better solution in : 0.70 s	
find a better solution in : 0.70 s	
find a better solution in: 0.70 s	
find a better solution in: 0.73 s	
find a better solution in: 0.73 s	
find a better solution in: 0.73 s	
find a better solution in: 0.73 s	
find a better solution in: 0.77 s	
find a better solution in: 0.80 s	
find a better solution in: 0.83 s	
find a better solution in: 0.84 s	
find a better solution in : 1.56 s	
find a better solution in : 1.56 s	
find a better solution in: 1.56 s	
find a better solution in: 1.59 s	
find a better solution in : 1.61 s	
find a better solution in: 1.64 s	
find a better solution in: 1.64 s	
find a better solution in : 1.80 s	
find a better solution in: 1.81 s	
find a better solution in: 1.81 s	
find a better solution in : 1.81 s	
find a better solution in: 1.81 s	
find a better solution in : 1.83 s	
find a better solution in: 1.83 s	
find a better solution in : 1.89 s	
find a better solution in: 1.89 s	
find a better solution in : 1.89 s	
find a better solution in : 1.89 s	
find a better solution in: 1.89 s	
find a better solution in : 1.89 s	
find a better solution in: 1.89 s	
find a better solution in: 1.91 s	
find a better solution in: 1.91 s	
find a better solution in: 1.91 s	
find a better solution in : 1.91 s	
find a better solution in: 1.92 s	
find a better solution in : 1.92 s	
find a better solution in: 1.92 s	
find a better solution in: 1.92 s	
find a better solution in: 1.94 s	
find a better solution in : 1.97 s	
find a better solution in : 1.97 s	
find a better solution in : 2.00 s	
find a better solution in : 2.06 s	
find a better solution in : 2.08 s	
find a better solution in : 2.08 s	
find a better solution in: 2.08 s	
find a better solution in: 2.08 s	
find a better solution in: 2.09 s	
find a better solution in : 2.09 s	
find a better solution in: 2.09 s	
find a better solution in: 2.09 s	
find a better solution in: 2.12 s	
find a better solution in: 2.12 s	
find a better solution in : 2.14 s	
find a better solution in : 2.16 s	
find a better solution in : 2.16 s	
find a better solution in: 2.16 s	
find a better solution in: 2.17 s	
find a better solution in: 2.19 s	
find a better solution in: 2.22 s	
find a better solution in: 2.22 s	
find a better solution in: 2.23 s	
find a better solution in: 2.23 s	
find a better solution in: 2.23 s	
find a better solution in: 2.25 s	
find a better solution in: 2.27 s	
find a better solution in : 2.28 s	
find a better solution in : 2.52 s	
find a better solution in: 2.53 s	
find a better solution in: 2.53 s	
find a better solution in : 2.59 s	
find a better solution in : 2.73 s	
find a better solution in: 2.73 s	
find a better solution in: 2.75 s	
find a better solution in : 2.75 s	
find a better solution in: 2.75 s	
find a better solution in: 2.75 s	
find a better solution in : 2.75 s	
find a better solution in: 2.75 s	
find a better solution in: 2.75 s	
find a better solution in: 2.75 s	
find a better solution in: 2.75 s	
find a better solution in: 2.75 s	
find a better solution in : 2.75 s	
find a better solution in : 2.75 s	
find a better solution in: 2.77 s	
find a better solution in: 2.77 s	
find a better solution in: 2.77 s	
find a better solution in : 2.77 s	
find a better solution in: 2.78 s	
find a better solution in: 2.78 s	
find a better solution in : 2.80 s	
find a better solution in: 3.06 s	
find a better solution in : 3.06 s	
find a better solution in: 3.08 s	
find a better solution in : 3.08 s	
find a better solution in: 3.08 s	
find a better solution in: 3.11 s	
find a better solution in : 3.12 s	
find a better solution in: 3.12 s	
find a better solution in: 3.14 s	
find a better solution in: 3.14 s	
find a better solution in: 3.14 s	
find a better solution in : 3.16 s	
find a better solution in: 3.17 s	
find a better solution in : 3.69 s	
find a better solution in: 3.69 s	
find a better solution in: 3.69 s	
find a better solution in : 3.70 s	
find a better solution in: 3.70 s	
find a better solution in: 3.70 s	
find a better solution in: 3.70 s	
find a better solution in: 3.72 s	
find a better solution in: 3.73 s	
find a better solution in: 3.77 s	
find a better solution in : 3.97 s	
find a better solution in : 3.97 s	
find a better solution in: 3.97 s	
find a better solution in: 3.98 s	
find a better solution in: 4.00 s	
find a better solution in: 4.00 s	
find a better solution in: 4.00 s	
find a better solution in: 4.01 s	
find a better solution in: 4.01 s	
find a better solution in: 4.03 s	
find a better solution in: 4.03 s	
find a better solution in: 4.08 s	
find a better solution in: 4.09 s	
find a better solution in: 4.14 s	
find a better solution in: 4.16 s	
find a better solution in: 4.22 s	
find a better solution in: 4.50 s	
find a better solution in: 4.53 s	
find a better solution in : 4.55 s	
find a better solution in: 4.55 s	
find a better solution in: 4.56 s	
find a better solution in : 5.01 s	
find a better solution in: 5.03 s	
find a better solution in: 5.05 s	
find a better solution in: 5.05 s	
find a better solution in: 5.06 s	
find a better solution in: 5.06 s	
find a better solution in : 5.08 s	
find a better solution in: 5.08 s	
find a better solution in: 5.08 s	
find a better solution in: 5.09 s	
find a better solution in: 5.11 s	
find a better solution in : 5.76 s	
1 generation time: 5.80 s
*****************************t=1*****************************
find a better solution in : 6.05 s	
find a better solution in: 6.06 s	
find a better solution in: 6.06 s	
find a better solution in: 6.06 s	
find a better solution in: 6.06 s	
find a better solution in: 6.09 s	
find a better solution in: 6.11 s	
find a better solution in: 7.69 s	
find a better solution in: 7.75 s	
find a better solution in : 9.31 s	
find a better solution in: 9.41 s	
find a better solution in : 9.58 s	
find a better solution in : 9.72 s	
find a better solution in: 9.72 s	
find a better solution in: 9.72 s	
find a better solution in : 9.73 s	
find a better solution in: 9.75 s	
find a better solution in: 9.77 s	
find a better solution in: 9.81 s	
2 generation time: 11.30 s
*****************************t=2*****************************
find a better solution in : 12.61 s	
find a better solution in: 12.67 s	
find a better solution in: 12.67 s	
find a better solution in : 12.81 s	
find a better solution in: 12.81 s	
find a better solution in : 12.81 s	
find a better solution in: 12.84 s	
find a better solution in: 12.84 s	
find a better solution in: 12.95 s	
find a better solution in: 12.95 s	
find a better solution in: 12.95 s	
find a better solution in: 12.98 s	
find a better solution in : 14.36 s	
find a better solution in : 14.36 s	
find a better solution in: 14.36 s	
find a better solution in: 14.38 s	
find a better solution in : 14.41 s	
find a better solution in: 14.44 s	
find a better solution in: 14.45 s	
find a better solution in: 14.45 s	
find a better solution in : 14.48 s	
find a better solution in : 14.77 s	
find a better solution in : 15.34 s	
find a better solution in: 15.36 s	
find a better solution in: 15.38 s	
3 generation time: 16.27 s
*****************************t=3*****************************
find a better solution in : 16.41 s	
find a better solution in: 16.41 s	
find a better solution in : 17.25 s	
find a better solution in: 17.27 s	
find a better solution in : 18.08 s	
find a better solution in: 18.11 s	
find a better solution in : 18.13 s	
find a better solution in: 18.16 s	
find a better solution in: 18.17 s	
find a better solution in : 18.17 s	
find a better solution in: 18.19 s	
find a better solution in: 18.20 s	
find a better solution in : 18.20 s	
find a better solution in: 18.22 s	
find a better solution in: 18.95 s	
find a better solution in: 18.97 s	
find a better solution in: 18.98 s	
find a better solution in : 19.00 s	
find a better solution in: 19.00 s	
find a better solution in: 19.02 s	
find a better solution in: 19.02 s	
4 generation time: 21.27 s
*****************************t=4*****************************
find a better solution in : 21.97 s	
find a better solution in: 21.97 s	
find a better solution in: 21.97 s	
find a better solution in: 23.72 s	
find a better solution in: 23.72 s	
find a better solution in: 23.75 s	
find a better solution in: 23.75 s	
find a better solution in: 23.81 s	
find a better solution in: 23.89 s	
find a better solution in : 24.45 s	
find a better solution in: 24.45 s	
find a better solution in: 24.63 s	
find a better solution in : 24.66 s	
find a better solution in : 26.17 s	
find a better solution in: 26.19 s	
find a better solution in: 26.20 s	
find a better solution in: 26.20 s	
find a better solution in: 26.22 s	
find a better solution in: 26.25 s	
find a better solution in: 26.28 s	
find a better solution in: 26.28 s	
find a better solution in: 26.28 s	
find a better solution in: 26.31 s	
find a better solution in: 26.31 s	
find a better solution in: 26.33 s	
find a better solution in : 26.38 s	
5 generation time: 26.48 s
*****************************t=5*****************************
find a better solution in: 31.41 s	
6 generation time: 31.56 s
*****************************t=6*****************************
7 generation time: 36.34 s
*****************************t=7*****************************
find a better solution in : 36.45 s	
find a better solution in: 36.46 s	
find a better solution in: 36.49 s	
find a better solution in : 37.18 s	
find a better solution in : 38.51 s	
find a better solution in : 38.51 s	
find a better solution in: 38.51 s	
find a better solution in: 38.51 s	
find a better solution in: 38.51 s	
find a better solution in : 38.54 s	
find a better solution in: 38.54 s	
find a better solution in: 38.54 s	
find a better solution in: 38.54 s	
find a better solution in : 38.68 s	
find a better solution in: 38.70 s	
find a better solution in : 38.70 s	
find a better solution in: 38.70 s	
find a better solution in : 41.09 s	
find a better solution in: 41.11 s	
8 generation time: 41.64 s
*****************************t=8*****************************
find a better solution in: 42.44 s	
find a better solution in: 42.48 s	
find a better solution in : 42.48 s	
find a better solution in : 44.37 s	
find a better solution in : 44.39 s	
find a better solution in: 44.40 s	
9 generation time: 46.58 s
*****************************t=9*****************************
find a better solution in : 46.70 s	
find a better solution in: 46.72 s	
find a better solution in: 46.72 s	
find a better solution in: 46.73 s	
find a better solution in: 46.73 s	
find a better solution in : 46.76 s	
10 generation time: 51.26 s
*****************************t=10*****************************
11 generation time: 56.43 s
*****************************t=11*****************************
find a better solution in: 60.04 s	
find a better solution in : 60.04 s	
find a better solution in: 60.05 s	
find a better solution in: 60.05 s	
find a better solution in: 60.07 s	
find a better solution in: 60.07 s	
find a better solution in: 60.07 s	
find a better solution in: 60.12 s	
find a better solution in: 60.12 s	
find a better solution in : 60.13 s	
12 generation time: 61.40 s
*****************************t=12*****************************
find a better solution in : 64.86 s	
find a better solution in: 64.86 s	
find a better solution in: 64.90 s	
find a better solution in: 64.93 s	
find a better solution in: 64.93 s	
13 generation time: 66.36 s
*****************************t=13*****************************
14 generation time: 71.29 s
*****************************t=14*****************************
15 generation time: 75.90 s
*****************************t=15*****************************
find a better solution in : 76.52 s	
find a better solution in: 76.52 s	
find a better solution in : 76.65 s	
16 generation time: 80.99 s
*****************************t=16*****************************
17 generation time: 86.05 s
*****************************t=17*****************************
find a better solution in: 89.26 s	
find a better solution in: 89.27 s	
18 generation time: 90.93 s
*****************************t=18*****************************
find a better solution in : 93.24 s	
find a better solution in: 93.26 s	
19 generation time: 95.66 s
*****************************t=19*****************************
find a better solution in : 96.15 s	
find a better solution in: 96.33 s	
20 generation time: 101.10 s
*****************************t=20*****************************
find a better solution in : 103.69 s	
find a better solution in: 104.02 s	
find a better solution in : 104.63 s	
find a better solution in: 104.65 s	
find a better solution in: 104.65 s	
find a better solution in: 104.68 s	
find a better solution in: 104.68 s	
find a better solution in: 104.74 s	
find a better solution in: 104.74 s	
21 generation time: 106.27 s
*****************************t=21*****************************
find a better solution in: 109.66 s	
22 generation time: 110.95 s
*****************************t=22*****************************
find a better solution in : 111.16 s	
find a better solution in : 114.47 s	
find a better solution in: 114.48 s	
find a better solution in: 114.48 s	
find a better solution in: 114.48 s	
23 generation time: 116.03 s
*****************************t=23*****************************
find a better solution in : 119.31 s	
find a better solution in: 119.36 s	
24 generation time: 121.47 s
*****************************t=24*****************************
find a better solution in : 121.89 s	
find a better solution in: 123.34 s	
find a better solution in: 123.36 s	
find a better solution in : 123.64 s	
find a better solution in : 125.55 s	
25 generation time: 126.31 s
*****************************t=25*****************************
26 generation time: 131.06 s
*****************************t=26*****************************
find a better solution in : 132.36 s	
find a better solution in: 132.39 s	
27 generation time: 135.94 s
*****************************t=27*****************************
find a better solution in: 136.67 s	
find a better solution in: 136.69 s	
find a better solution in : 140.06 s	
find a better solution in: 140.08 s	
28 generation time: 140.59 s
*****************************t=28*****************************
29 generation time: 145.39 s
*****************************t=29*****************************
find a better solution in : 146.56 s	
find a better solution in: 146.56 s	
30 generation time: 150.16 s
*****************************t=30*****************************
find a better solution in : 153.06 s	
find a better solution in: 155.19 s	
31 generation time: 155.22 s
*****************************t=31*****************************
find a better solution in : 157.47 s	
find a better solution in : 157.47 s	
find a better solution in: 157.47 s	
find a better solution in : 157.92 s	
find a better solution in : 158.14 s	
find a better solution in : 158.14 s	
find a better solution in : 159.09 s	
find a better solution in: 159.16 s	
32 generation time: 159.78 s
*****************************t=32*****************************
find a better solution in : 159.84 s	
33 generation time: 164.91 s
*****************************t=33*****************************
find a better solution in: 169.32 s	
34 generation time: 169.84 s
*****************************t=34*****************************
find a better solution in: 173.71 s	
35 generation time: 174.98 s
*****************************t=35*****************************
find a better solution in : 178.60 s	
36 generation time: 180.34 s
*****************************t=36*****************************
37 generation time: 185.43 s
*****************************t=37*****************************
find a better solution in: 187.27 s	
find a better solution in: 187.29 s	
find a better solution in: 187.31 s	
38 generation time: 190.74 s
*****************************t=38*****************************
find a better solution in : 191.29 s	
find a better solution in: 191.32 s	
find a better solution in: 191.98 s	
find a better solution in: 195.71 s	
39 generation time: 195.73 s
*****************************t=39*****************************
find a better solution in : 197.12 s	
40 generation time: 200.15 s
*****************************t=40*****************************
find a better solution in: 204.91 s	
41 generation time: 204.93 s
*****************************t=41*****************************
42 generation time: 209.52 s
*****************************t=42*****************************
43 generation time: 214.23 s
*****************************t=43*****************************
44 generation time: 219.23 s
*****************************t=44*****************************
45 generation time: 223.84 s
*****************************t=45*****************************
find a better solution in : 226.56 s	
find a better solution in : 228.81 s	
46 generation time: 229.42 s
*****************************t=46*****************************
find a better solution in: 234.17 s	
find a better solution in: 234.31 s	
47 generation time: 234.34 s
*****************************t=47*****************************
find a better solution in: 235.64 s	
find a better solution in: 235.64 s	
48 generation time: 238.94 s
*****************************t=48*****************************
49 generation time: 244.08 s
*****************************t=49*****************************
50 generation time: 249.00 s
*****************************t=50*****************************
51 generation time: 253.63 s
*****************************t=51*****************************
find a better solution in : 254.49 s	
find a better solution in: 254.52 s	
find a better solution in : 256.03 s	
find a better solution in: 256.80 s	
find a better solution in: 256.83 s	
52 generation time: 258.49 s
*****************************t=52*****************************
find a better solution in : 262.53 s	
53 generation time: 263.22 s
*****************************t=53*****************************
54 generation time: 267.97 s
*****************************t=54*****************************
find a better solution in: 270.28 s	
find a better solution in: 271.75 s	
55 generation time: 272.06 s
*****************************t=55*****************************
56 generation time: 276.22 s
*****************************t=56*****************************
find a better solution in : 277.31 s	
57 generation time: 281.00 s
*****************************t=57*****************************
find a better solution in : 283.25 s	
find a better solution in: 283.28 s	
58 generation time: 285.49 s
*****************************t=58*****************************
find a better solution in: 285.56 s	
find a better solution in: 285.60 s	
find a better solution in: 287.02 s	
find a better solution in: 287.06 s	
find a better solution in: 287.08 s	
59 generation time: 290.41 s
*****************************t=59*****************************
60 generation time: 294.95 s
*****************************t=60*****************************
find a better solution in : 298.10 s	
find a better solution in: 298.11 s	
find a better solution in: 298.13 s	
find a better solution in: 298.16 s	
find a better solution in: 298.17 s	
find a better solution in: 298.17 s	
find a better solution in: 299.02 s	
61 generation time: 299.05 s
*****************************t=61*****************************
find a better solution in: 300.64 s	
62 generation time: 303.75 s
*****************************t=62*****************************
find a better solution in: 306.85 s	
find a better solution in : 307.36 s	
63 generation time: 308.44 s
*****************************t=63*****************************
find a better solution in : 312.69 s	
find a better solution in : 312.70 s	
find a better solution in: 312.72 s	
find a better solution in: 312.72 s	
find a better solution in: 312.77 s	
64 generation time: 313.08 s
*****************************t=64*****************************
find a better solution in : 315.95 s	
find a better solution in : 315.99 s	
find a better solution in : 316.00 s	
65 generation time: 317.08 s
*****************************t=65*****************************
find a better solution in : 321.45 s	
find a better solution in: 321.45 s	
66 generation time: 321.49 s
*****************************t=66*****************************
67 generation time: 325.75 s
*****************************t=67*****************************
68 generation time: 330.28 s
*****************************t=68*****************************
69 generation time: 334.07 s
*****************************t=69*****************************
70 generation time: 338.25 s
*****************************t=70*****************************
71 generation time: 342.70 s
*****************************t=71*****************************
72 generation time: 347.12 s
*****************************t=72*****************************
73 generation time: 351.67 s
*****************************t=73*****************************
find a better solution in : 355.26 s	
74 generation time: 356.04 s
*****************************t=74*****************************
find a better solution in: 359.93 s	
75 generation time: 360.42 s
*****************************t=75*****************************
find a better solution in : 361.04 s	
find a better solution in: 364.45 s	
76 generation time: 364.48 s
*****************************t=76*****************************
77 generation time: 368.98 s
*****************************t=77*****************************
78 generation time: 373.74 s
*****************************t=78*****************************
79 generation time: 377.88 s
*****************************t=79*****************************
80 generation time: 382.32 s
*****************************t=80*****************************
81 generation time: 386.70 s
*****************************t=81*****************************
find a better solution in : 391.25 s	
82 generation time: 391.28 s
*****************************t=82*****************************
find a better solution in: 395.50 s	
83 generation time: 395.53 s
*****************************t=83*****************************
find a better solution in: 399.44 s	
84 generation time: 399.61 s
*****************************t=84*****************************
find a better solution in : 403.94 s	
85 generation time: 403.98 s
*****************************t=85*****************************
86 generation time: 407.98 s
*****************************t=86*****************************
87 generation time: 412.48 s
*****************************t=87*****************************
88 generation time: 416.51 s
*****************************t=88*****************************
89 generation time: 420.68 s
*****************************t=89*****************************
90 generation time: 424.99 s
*****************************t=90*****************************
find a better solution in: 428.15 s	
91 generation time: 429.73 s
*****************************t=91*****************************
find a better solution in: 430.62 s	
92 generation time: 434.16 s
*****************************t=92*****************************
find a better solution in : 437.32 s	
93 generation time: 438.38 s
*****************************t=93*****************************
94 generation time: 442.84 s
*****************************t=94*****************************
95 generation time: 447.71 s
*****************************t=95*****************************
96 generation time: 451.91 s
*****************************t=96*****************************
97 generation time: 456.65 s
*****************************t=97*****************************
98 generation time: 460.37 s
*****************************t=98*****************************
99 generation time: 465.10 s
*****************************t=99*****************************
100 generation time: 469.37 s
*****************************t=100*****************************
101 generation time: 473.10 s
*****************************t=101*****************************
102 generation time: 478.37 s
*****************************t=102*****************************
103 generation time: 482.73 s
*****************************t=103*****************************
104 generation time: 487.37 s
*****************************t=104*****************************
find a better solution in : 487.68 s	
find a better solution in: 489.84 s	
find a better solution in: 489.84 s	
105 generation time: 491.86 s
*****************************t=105*****************************
find a better solution in: 494.37 s	
106 generation time: 496.03 s
*****************************t=106*****************************
107 generation time: 500.70 s
*****************************t=107*****************************
find a better solution in: 501.51 s	
find a better solution in : 503.81 s	
find a better solution in: 503.82 s	
find a better solution in: 503.82 s	
108 generation time: 504.71 s
*****************************t=108*****************************
109 generation time: 508.61 s
*****************************t=109*****************************
110 generation time: 512.70 s
*****************************t=110*****************************
111 generation time: 517.18 s
*****************************t=111*****************************
112 generation time: 521.73 s
*****************************t=112*****************************
find a better solution in: 523.45 s	
113 generation time: 525.82 s
*****************************t=113*****************************
find a better solution in: 529.05 s	
114 generation time: 529.86 s
*****************************t=114*****************************
115 generation time: 533.85 s
*****************************t=115*****************************
116 generation time: 538.10 s
*****************************t=116*****************************
117 generation time: 542.10 s
*****************************t=117*****************************
118 generation time: 545.97 s
*****************************t=118*****************************
find a better solution in: 549.04 s	
119 generation time: 550.33 s
*****************************t=119*****************************
120 generation time: 554.38 s
*****************************t=120*****************************
find a better solution in : 558.54 s	
121 generation time: 558.57 s
*****************************t=121*****************************
find a better solution in : 562.29 s	
122 generation time: 562.32 s
*****************************t=122*****************************
123 generation time: 566.49 s
*****************************t=123*****************************
124 generation time: 570.68 s
*****************************t=124*****************************
125 generation time: 574.76 s
*****************************t=125*****************************
126 generation time: 578.51 s
*****************************t=126*****************************
127 generation time: 582.13 s
*****************************t=127*****************************
128 generation time: 586.13 s
*****************************t=128*****************************
find a better solution in : 588.93 s	
129 generation time: 589.90 s
*****************************t=129*****************************
130 generation time: 593.61 s
*****************************t=130*****************************
131 generation time: 597.78 s
*****************************t=131*****************************
132 generation time: 601.50 s
*****************************t=132*****************************
find a better solution in: 603.45 s	
133 generation time: 605.47 s
*****************************t=133*****************************
134 generation time: 609.03 s
*****************************t=134*****************************
135 generation time: 612.81 s
*****************************t=135*****************************
136 generation time: 617.00 s
*****************************t=136*****************************
137 generation time: 620.59 s
*****************************t=137*****************************
find a better solution in: 621.54 s	
138 generation time: 624.93 s
*****************************t=138*****************************
139 generation time: 629.29 s
*****************************t=139*****************************
140 generation time: 633.59 s
*****************************t=140*****************************
141 generation time: 637.59 s
*****************************t=141*****************************
142 generation time: 641.73 s
*****************************t=142*****************************
143 generation time: 646.03 s
*****************************t=143*****************************
144 generation time: 650.26 s
*****************************t=144*****************************
find a better solution in: 653.08 s	
145 generation time: 654.16 s
*****************************t=145*****************************
146 generation time: 658.04 s
*****************************t=146*****************************
find a better solution in : 658.99 s	
147 generation time: 662.02 s
*****************************t=147*****************************
148 generation time: 666.19 s
*****************************t=148*****************************
149 generation time: 669.62 s
*****************************t=149*****************************
150 generation time: 673.74 s
*****************************t=150*****************************
151 generation time: 678.12 s
*****************************t=151*****************************
152 generation time: 682.33 s
*****************************t=152*****************************
find a better solution in : 683.82 s	
find a better solution in: 683.88 s	
find a better solution in: 683.88 s	
find a better solution in: 683.94 s	
153 generation time: 686.72 s
*****************************t=153*****************************
154 generation time: 690.35 s
*****************************t=154*****************************
155 generation time: 694.66 s
*****************************t=155*****************************
find a better solution in: 698.32 s	
156 generation time: 698.35 s
*****************************t=156*****************************
157 generation time: 702.08 s
*****************************t=157*****************************
158 generation time: 706.99 s
*****************************t=158*****************************
find a better solution in : 708.39 s	
find a better solution in: 708.40 s	
find a better solution in: 708.42 s	
159 generation time: 710.92 s
*****************************t=159*****************************
160 generation time: 715.09 s
*****************************t=160*****************************
find a better solution in : 716.26 s	
161 generation time: 719.39 s
*****************************t=161*****************************
162 generation time: 723.11 s
*****************************t=162*****************************
163 generation time: 726.80 s
*****************************t=163*****************************
164 generation time: 730.49 s
*****************************t=164*****************************
find a better solution in : 733.62 s	
find a better solution in: 733.62 s	
find a better solution in: 733.62 s	
find a better solution in: 733.63 s	
165 generation time: 734.41 s
*****************************t=165*****************************
find a better solution in : 737.85 s	
166 generation time: 738.49 s
*****************************t=166*****************************
167 generation time: 742.57 s
*****************************t=167*****************************
find a better solution in: 744.71 s	
168 generation time: 746.52 s
*****************************t=168*****************************
169 generation time: 750.57 s
*****************************t=169*****************************
170 generation time: 754.85 s
*****************************t=170*****************************
find a better solution in : 757.57 s	
171 generation time: 758.60 s
*****************************t=171*****************************
172 generation time: 762.65 s
*****************************t=172*****************************
173 generation time: 767.01 s
*****************************t=173*****************************
174 generation time: 770.94 s
*****************************t=174*****************************
175 generation time: 775.61 s
*****************************t=175*****************************
176 generation time: 779.91 s
*****************************t=176*****************************
177 generation time: 783.80 s
*****************************t=177*****************************
178 generation time: 787.38 s
*****************************t=178*****************************
find a better solution in: 790.25 s	
179 generation time: 791.30 s
*****************************t=179*****************************
180 generation time: 795.00 s
*****************************t=180*****************************
181 generation time: 798.80 s
*****************************t=181*****************************
find a better solution in : 799.64 s	
find a better solution in: 802.22 s	
182 generation time: 802.25 s
*****************************t=182*****************************
183 generation time: 806.00 s
*****************************t=183*****************************
184 generation time: 810.13 s
*****************************t=184*****************************
185 generation time: 813.95 s
*****************************t=185*****************************
186 generation time: 818.20 s
*****************************t=186*****************************
find a better solution in : 818.45 s	
find a better solution in: 819.41 s	
find a better solution in: 819.44 s	
187 generation time: 821.88 s
*****************************t=187*****************************
188 generation time: 825.89 s
*****************************t=188*****************************
189 generation time: 829.98 s
*****************************t=189*****************************
190 generation time: 834.30 s
*****************************t=190*****************************
191 generation time: 838.09 s
*****************************t=191*****************************
192 generation time: 841.84 s
*****************************t=192*****************************
193 generation time: 846.04 s
*****************************t=193*****************************
194 generation time: 849.73 s
*****************************t=194*****************************
195 generation time: 853.59 s
*****************************t=195*****************************
196 generation time: 857.48 s
*****************************t=196*****************************
197 generation time: 861.86 s
*****************************t=197*****************************
find a better solution in: 863.56 s	
find a better solution in: 863.60 s	
198 generation time: 865.91 s
*****************************t=198*****************************
199 generation time: 869.58 s
*****************************t=199*****************************
200 generation time: 873.67 s
*****************************t=200*****************************
201 generation time: 876.85 s
*****************************t=201*****************************
202 generation time: 881.02 s
*****************************t=202*****************************
find a better solution in : 883.52 s	
203 generation time: 885.11 s
*****************************t=203*****************************
204 generation time: 889.12 s
*****************************t=204*****************************
205 generation time: 893.09 s
*****************************t=205*****************************
206 generation time: 897.04 s
*****************************t=206*****************************
find a better solution in : 898.12 s	
find a better solution in: 898.12 s	
find a better solution in: 898.15 s	
207 generation time: 900.90 s
*****************************t=207*****************************
208 generation time: 904.71 s
*****************************t=208*****************************
209 generation time: 908.66 s
*****************************t=209*****************************
210 generation time: 913.12 s
*****************************t=210*****************************
211 generation time: 917.27 s
*****************************t=211*****************************
find a better solution in : 919.51 s	
find a better solution in: 919.56 s	
find a better solution in: 919.59 s	
212 generation time: 921.51 s
*****************************t=212*****************************
213 generation time: 925.26 s
*****************************t=213*****************************
214 generation time: 928.74 s
*****************************t=214*****************************
find a better solution in: 930.52 s	
215 generation time: 932.57 s
*****************************t=215*****************************
216 generation time: 937.27 s
*****************************t=216*****************************
217 generation time: 941.18 s
*****************************t=217*****************************
find a better solution in : 943.45 s	
218 generation time: 944.52 s
*****************************t=218*****************************
219 generation time: 949.05 s
*****************************t=219*****************************
220 generation time: 952.97 s
*****************************t=220*****************************
find a better solution in: 954.36 s	
find a better solution in: 954.38 s	
221 generation time: 957.11 s
*****************************t=221*****************************
222 generation time: 961.06 s
*****************************t=222*****************************
223 generation time: 965.22 s
*****************************t=223*****************************
224 generation time: 969.19 s
*****************************t=224*****************************
225 generation time: 973.03 s
*****************************t=225*****************************
226 generation time: 976.81 s
*****************************t=226*****************************
find a better solution in : 977.00 s	
227 generation time: 981.16 s
*****************************t=227*****************************
find a better solution in: 981.96 s	
228 generation time: 984.78 s
*****************************t=228*****************************
229 generation time: 988.78 s
*****************************t=229*****************************
find a better solution in : 992.24 s	
230 generation time: 993.25 s
*****************************t=230*****************************
231 generation time: 996.88 s
*****************************t=231*****************************
232 generation time: 1000.42 s
*****************************t=232*****************************
find a better solution in : 1000.67 s	
find a better solution in : 1002.02 s	
233 generation time: 1004.10 s
*****************************t=233*****************************
234 generation time: 1008.26 s
*****************************t=234*****************************
235 generation time: 1012.16 s
*****************************t=235*****************************
find a better solution in : 1013.26 s	
236 generation time: 1015.73 s
*****************************t=236*****************************
237 generation time: 1019.46 s
*****************************t=237*****************************
238 generation time: 1023.21 s
*****************************t=238*****************************
239 generation time: 1026.93 s
*****************************t=239*****************************
240 generation time: 1030.95 s
*****************************t=240*****************************
241 generation time: 1034.45 s
*****************************t=241*****************************
find a better solution in: 1036.24 s	
242 generation time: 1038.56 s
*****************************t=242*****************************
243 generation time: 1042.70 s
*****************************t=243*****************************
244 generation time: 1046.67 s
*****************************t=244*****************************
245 generation time: 1051.21 s
*****************************t=245*****************************
246 generation time: 1055.10 s
*****************************t=246*****************************
247 generation time: 1058.99 s
*****************************t=247*****************************
248 generation time: 1062.65 s
*****************************t=248*****************************
249 generation time: 1066.46 s
*****************************t=249*****************************
250 generation time: 1070.47 s
*****************************t=250*****************************
251 generation time: 1074.25 s
*****************************t=251*****************************
252 generation time: 1077.91 s
*****************************t=252*****************************
253 generation time: 1081.81 s
*****************************t=253*****************************
254 generation time: 1085.92 s
*****************************t=254*****************************
255 generation time: 1090.42 s
*****************************t=255*****************************
256 generation time: 1094.42 s
*****************************t=256*****************************
257 generation time: 1097.74 s
*****************************t=257*****************************
258 generation time: 1101.78 s
*****************************t=258*****************************
259 generation time: 1105.45 s
*****************************t=259*****************************
find a better solution in: 1105.75 s	
find a better solution in: 1105.75 s	
260 generation time: 1109.69 s
*****************************t=260*****************************
261 generation time: 1113.86 s
*****************************t=261*****************************
262 generation time: 1117.83 s
*****************************t=262*****************************
263 generation time: 1121.38 s
*****************************t=263*****************************
find a better solution in : 1124.33 s	
find a better solution in: 1124.35 s	
264 generation time: 1125.80 s
*****************************t=264*****************************
265 generation time: 1130.06 s
*****************************t=265*****************************
266 generation time: 1134.34 s
*****************************t=266*****************************
267 generation time: 1138.46 s
*****************************t=267*****************************
268 generation time: 1141.98 s
*****************************t=268*****************************
269 generation time: 1145.70 s
*****************************t=269*****************************
270 generation time: 1149.79 s
*****************************t=270*****************************
271 generation time: 1154.23 s
*****************************t=271*****************************
272 generation time: 1158.42 s
*****************************t=272*****************************
273 generation time: 1162.32 s
*****************************t=273*****************************
274 generation time: 1166.49 s
*****************************t=274*****************************
275 generation time: 1170.20 s
*****************************t=275*****************************
276 generation time: 1173.99 s
*****************************t=276*****************************
277 generation time: 1178.06 s
*****************************t=277*****************************
find a better solution in : 1181.90 s	
278 generation time: 1182.79 s
*****************************t=278*****************************
279 generation time: 1186.64 s
*****************************t=279*****************************
280 generation time: 1190.32 s
*****************************t=280*****************************
281 generation time: 1194.26 s
*****************************t=281*****************************
282 generation time: 1198.20 s
*****************************t=282*****************************
283 generation time: 1201.71 s
*****************************t=283*****************************
284 generation time: 1205.87 s
*****************************t=284*****************************
285 generation time: 1209.54 s
*****************************t=285*****************************
286 generation time: 1213.29 s
*****************************t=286*****************************
287 generation time: 1216.90 s
*****************************t=287*****************************
288 generation time: 1220.67 s
*****************************t=288*****************************
289 generation time: 1224.68 s
*****************************t=289*****************************
290 generation time: 1228.79 s
*****************************t=290*****************************
291 generation time: 1232.92 s
*****************************t=291*****************************
292 generation time: 1237.20 s
*****************************t=292*****************************
293 generation time: 1241.34 s
*****************************t=293*****************************
294 generation time: 1245.50 s
*****************************t=294*****************************
295 generation time: 1249.19 s
*****************************t=295*****************************
296 generation time: 1253.19 s
*****************************t=296*****************************
297 generation time: 1257.07 s
*****************************t=297*****************************
298 generation time: 1261.16 s
*****************************t=298*****************************
299 generation time: 1264.75 s
*****************************t=299*****************************
find a better solution in: 1268.10 s	
300 generation time: 1268.74 s
*****************************t=300*****************************
301 generation time: 1272.57 s
*****************************t=301*****************************
find a better solution in : 1272.96 s	
302 generation time: 1277.05 s
*****************************t=302*****************************
303 generation time: 1280.44 s
*****************************t=303*****************************
304 generation time: 1284.21 s
*****************************t=304*****************************
305 generation time: 1288.50 s
*****************************t=305*****************************
306 generation time: 1292.26 s
*****************************t=306*****************************
find a better solution in: 1294.51 s	
307 generation time: 1296.01 s
*****************************t=307*****************************
308 generation time: 1299.54 s
*****************************t=308*****************************
309 generation time: 1303.24 s
*****************************t=309*****************************
310 generation time: 1307.50 s
*****************************t=310*****************************
311 generation time: 1311.23 s
*****************************t=311*****************************
312 generation time: 1315.14 s
*****************************t=312*****************************
313 generation time: 1318.61 s
*****************************t=313*****************************
314 generation time: 1322.65 s
*****************************t=314*****************************
315 generation time: 1326.83 s
*****************************t=315*****************************
316 generation time: 1330.19 s
*****************************t=316*****************************
317 generation time: 1333.87 s
*****************************t=317*****************************
318 generation time: 1337.73 s
*****************************t=318*****************************
319 generation time: 1341.55 s
*****************************t=319*****************************
320 generation time: 1345.09 s
*****************************t=320*****************************
321 generation time: 1349.05 s
*****************************t=321*****************************
322 generation time: 1353.37 s
*****************************t=322*****************************
323 generation time: 1357.33 s
*****************************t=323*****************************
324 generation time: 1361.05 s
*****************************t=324*****************************
325 generation time: 1364.83 s
*****************************t=325*****************************
326 generation time: 1368.38 s
*****************************t=326*****************************
327 generation time: 1371.69 s
*****************************t=327*****************************
328 generation time: 1375.98 s
*****************************t=328*****************************
329 generation time: 1379.29 s
*****************************t=329*****************************
330 generation time: 1383.18 s
*****************************t=330*****************************
331 generation time: 1387.40 s
*****************************t=331*****************************
332 generation time: 1390.79 s
*****************************t=332*****************************
333 generation time: 1393.99 s
*****************************t=333*****************************
334 generation time: 1397.49 s
*****************************t=334*****************************
335 generation time: 1401.26 s
*****************************t=335*****************************
336 generation time: 1405.51 s
*****************************t=336*****************************
337 generation time: 1409.27 s
*****************************t=337*****************************
338 generation time: 1412.71 s
*****************************t=338*****************************
339 generation time: 1415.98 s
*****************************t=339*****************************
340 generation time: 1419.49 s
*****************************t=340*****************************
341 generation time: 1423.49 s
*****************************t=341*****************************
342 generation time: 1427.07 s
*****************************t=342*****************************
343 generation time: 1431.02 s
*****************************t=343*****************************
344 generation time: 1434.88 s
*****************************t=344*****************************
345 generation time: 1438.12 s
*****************************t=345*****************************
346 generation time: 1441.93 s
*****************************t=346*****************************
347 generation time: 1445.52 s
*****************************t=347*****************************
348 generation time: 1449.49 s
*****************************t=348*****************************
349 generation time: 1453.41 s
*****************************t=349*****************************
350 generation time: 1457.51 s
*****************************t=350*****************************
351 generation time: 1461.44 s
*****************************t=351*****************************
352 generation time: 1465.32 s
*****************************t=352*****************************
353 generation time: 1469.15 s
*****************************t=353*****************************
find a better solution in: 1469.87 s	
find a better solution in: 1469.87 s	
find a better solution in: 1469.91 s	
354 generation time: 1472.85 s
*****************************t=354*****************************
355 generation time: 1476.44 s
*****************************t=355*****************************
356 generation time: 1480.04 s
*****************************t=356*****************************
357 generation time: 1483.41 s
*****************************t=357*****************************
find a better solution in : 1484.07 s	
find a better solution in: 1484.12 s	
358 generation time: 1487.26 s
*****************************t=358*****************************
359 generation time: 1491.09 s
*****************************t=359*****************************
360 generation time: 1495.16 s
*****************************t=360*****************************
361 generation time: 1498.92 s
*****************************t=361*****************************
362 generation time: 1502.87 s
*****************************t=362*****************************
363 generation time: 1506.95 s
*****************************t=363*****************************
364 generation time: 1510.97 s
*****************************t=364*****************************
find a better solution in: 1514.08 s	
365 generation time: 1515.06 s
*****************************t=365*****************************
366 generation time: 1519.06 s
*****************************t=366*****************************
367 generation time: 1523.02 s
*****************************t=367*****************************
368 generation time: 1527.48 s
*****************************t=368*****************************
369 generation time: 1531.58 s
*****************************t=369*****************************
370 generation time: 1535.92 s
*****************************t=370*****************************
371 generation time: 1539.81 s
*****************************t=371*****************************
372 generation time: 1544.23 s
*****************************t=372*****************************
373 generation time: 1548.48 s
*****************************t=373*****************************
find a better solution in: 1551.76 s	
374 generation time: 1552.32 s
*****************************t=374*****************************
375 generation time: 1556.02 s
*****************************t=375*****************************
376 generation time: 1559.88 s
*****************************t=376*****************************
377 generation time: 1563.51 s
*****************************t=377*****************************
378 generation time: 1567.26 s
*****************************t=378*****************************
379 generation time: 1570.66 s
*****************************t=379*****************************
380 generation time: 1574.62 s
*****************************t=380*****************************
381 generation time: 1578.63 s
*****************************t=381*****************************
382 generation time: 1582.88 s
*****************************t=382*****************************
383 generation time: 1586.67 s
*****************************t=383*****************************
find a better solution in: 1589.01 s	
find a better solution in: 1589.01 s	
384 generation time: 1590.04 s
*****************************t=384*****************************
385 generation time: 1593.99 s
*****************************t=385*****************************
386 generation time: 1597.81 s
*****************************t=386*****************************
387 generation time: 1601.21 s
*****************************t=387*****************************
388 generation time: 1604.95 s
*****************************t=388*****************************
find a better solution in: 1608.30 s	
389 generation time: 1608.33 s
*****************************t=389*****************************
390 generation time: 1612.02 s
*****************************t=390*****************************
391 generation time: 1615.61 s
*****************************t=391*****************************
392 generation time: 1619.34 s
*****************************t=392*****************************
393 generation time: 1622.81 s
*****************************t=393*****************************
394 generation time: 1626.73 s
*****************************t=394*****************************
395 generation time: 1630.22 s
*****************************t=395*****************************
396 generation time: 1634.06 s
*****************************t=396*****************************
find a better solution in: 1636.80 s	
397 generation time: 1637.88 s
*****************************t=397*****************************
398 generation time: 1641.88 s
*****************************t=398*****************************
find a better solution in : 1644.78 s	
find a better solution in: 1644.81 s	
399 generation time: 1645.55 s
*****************************t=399*****************************
400 generation time: 1649.25 s
[6670.00,1164.00,7784.95],
[7002.00,2330.00,7283.00],
[7003.00,496.00,8084.65],
[6669.00,1664.00,7339.45],
[6675.00,494.00,8881.57],
[7006.00,996.00,7675.57],
[6672.00,2332.00,6938.02],
[6668.00,1662.00,7741.20],
[6339.00,994.00,8237.13],
[7006.00,998.00,7281.76],
[7337.00,3000.00,6436.05],
[6670.00,496.00,8789.51],
[7003.00,2998.00,6881.25],
[7008.00,500.00,7733.26],
[7005.00,494.00,8222.10],
[7003.00,2332.00,6887.75],
[7005.00,496.00,7826.70],
[6339.00,996.00,7835.22],
[7341.00,1000.00,7074.07],
[6672.00,496.00,8480.35],
[7341.00,498.00,7571.91],
[6672.00,2330.00,7333.43],
[7338.00,1664.00,7223.55],
[7340.00,500.00,7477.72],
[7336.00,2998.00,6831.30],
[6670.00,498.00,8387.94],
[7004.00,1832.00,7333.25],
[7338.00,2500.00,6881.55],
[7004.00,3000.00,6486.00],
[7670.00,3666.00,6379.60],
[7339.00,2332.00,6775.05],
[7671.00,3668.00,5984.35],
[7005.00,996.00,7676.85],
[8004.00,4334.00,5927.90],
[7337.00,3666.00,6431.15],
[7672.00,3168.00,6429.85],
[6668.00,1830.00,7641.00],
[8005.00,4336.00,5534.25],
[7005.00,500.00,7733.94],
[7670.00,3834.00,6285.90],
[8004.00,4502.00,5835.80],
[7338.00,1166.00,7233.25],
[6669.00,496.00,9190.20],
x=[6670.00 7002.00 7003.00 6669.00 6675.00 7006.00 6672.00 6668.00 6339.00 7006.00 7337.00 6670.00 7003.00 7008.00 7005.00 7003.00 7005.00 6339.00 7341.00 6672.00 7341.00 6672.00 7338.00 7340.00 7336.00 6670.00 7004.00 7338.00 7004.00 7670.00 7339.00 7671.00 7005.00 8004.00 7337.00 7672.00 6668.00 8005.00 7005.00 7670.00 8004.00 7338.00 6669.00 ];
y=[1164.00 2330.00 496.00 1664.00 494.00 996.00 2332.00 1662.00 994.00 998.00 3000.00 496.00 2998.00 500.00 494.00 2332.00 496.00 996.00 1000.00 496.00 498.00 2330.00 1664.00 500.00 2998.00 498.00 1832.00 2500.00 3000.00 3666.00 2332.00 3668.00 996.00 4334.00 3666.00 3168.00 1830.00 4336.00 500.00 3834.00 4502.00 1166.00 496.00 ];
z=[7784.95 7283.00 8084.65 7339.45 8881.57 7675.57 6938.02 7741.20 8237.13 7281.76 6436.05 8789.51 6881.25 7733.26 8222.10 6887.75 7826.70 7835.22 7074.07 8480.35 7571.91 7333.43 7223.55 7477.72 6831.30 8387.94 7333.25 6881.55 6486.00 6379.60 6775.05 5984.35 7676.85 5927.90 6431.15 6429.85 7641.00 5534.25 7733.94 6285.90 5835.80 7233.25 9190.20 ];
tot = 86
total time: 1649.33 s
