m = 4 n = 262
pop = 30 gen = 400
init...begin
greedy begin
heregreedy done
init...done
*****************************t=0*****************************
find a better solution in: 0.23 s	
find a better solution in: 0.25 s	
find a better solution in : 0.33 s	
find a better solution in: 0.34 s	
find a better solution in: 0.35 s	
find a better solution in: 0.36 s	
find a better solution in: 0.40 s	
find a better solution in : 0.52 s	
find a better solution in : 0.55 s	
find a better solution in : 0.60 s	
find a better solution in : 0.61 s	
find a better solution in : 0.61 s	
find a better solution in: 0.61 s	
find a better solution in: 0.65 s	
find a better solution in: 0.67 s	
find a better solution in: 0.68 s	
find a better solution in: 0.68 s	
find a better solution in: 0.78 s	
find a better solution in: 1.06 s	
find a better solution in : 1.06 s	
find a better solution in: 1.06 s	
find a better solution in: 1.07 s	
find a better solution in: 1.08 s	
find a better solution in: 1.08 s	
find a better solution in : 1.18 s	
find a better solution in: 1.31 s	
find a better solution in : 1.32 s	
find a better solution in: 1.32 s	
find a better solution in: 1.39 s	
find a better solution in : 1.51 s	
find a better solution in: 1.51 s	
find a better solution in: 1.51 s	
find a better solution in : 1.54 s	
find a better solution in: 1.62 s	
find a better solution in : 1.66 s	
find a better solution in : 1.66 s	
find a better solution in: 1.79 s	
find a better solution in: 1.86 s	
find a better solution in : 1.86 s	
find a better solution in : 1.86 s	
find a better solution in: 1.87 s	
find a better solution in : 2.17 s	
find a better solution in : 2.18 s	
find a better solution in : 2.18 s	
find a better solution in: 2.18 s	
find a better solution in : 2.19 s	
find a better solution in: 2.19 s	
find a better solution in: 2.29 s	
find a better solution in: 2.30 s	
find a better solution in: 2.31 s	
find a better solution in: 2.32 s	
find a better solution in: 2.32 s	
find a better solution in: 2.41 s	
find a better solution in: 2.42 s	
find a better solution in: 2.59 s	
find a better solution in: 2.59 s	
find a better solution in: 2.59 s	
find a better solution in : 2.64 s	
find a better solution in : 2.80 s	
find a better solution in: 2.80 s	
find a better solution in: 2.89 s	
find a better solution in: 2.90 s	
find a better solution in: 2.90 s	
find a better solution in : 2.97 s	
find a better solution in : 3.02 s	
find a better solution in: 3.06 s	
find a better solution in : 3.17 s	
find a better solution in: 3.23 s	
find a better solution in: 3.28 s	
find a better solution in: 3.42 s	
find a better solution in: 3.52 s	
find a better solution in : 3.56 s	
find a better solution in : 3.59 s	
find a better solution in: 3.60 s	
find a better solution in : 3.62 s	
find a better solution in: 3.77 s	
find a better solution in: 3.78 s	
find a better solution in : 3.83 s	
find a better solution in : 3.84 s	
find a better solution in: 3.85 s	
find a better solution in: 3.87 s	
find a better solution in : 3.96 s	
find a better solution in: 3.97 s	
find a better solution in : 4.14 s	
find a better solution in: 4.14 s	
find a better solution in : 4.17 s	
find a better solution in: 4.23 s	
find a better solution in: 4.46 s	
find a better solution in: 4.47 s	
find a better solution in : 4.54 s	
find a better solution in : 4.54 s	
find a better solution in : 4.59 s	
find a better solution in : 4.59 s	
find a better solution in : 4.67 s	
find a better solution in: 4.68 s	
find a better solution in : 4.68 s	
find a better solution in: 4.68 s	
find a better solution in: 4.76 s	
find a better solution in : 4.88 s	
find a better solution in : 5.13 s	
find a better solution in: 5.13 s	
find a better solution in: 5.13 s	
find a better solution in: 5.24 s	
find a better solution in: 5.25 s	
find a better solution in: 5.25 s	
find a better solution in: 5.26 s	
find a better solution in: 5.30 s	
find a better solution in: 5.31 s	
find a better solution in : 5.31 s	
find a better solution in: 5.35 s	
find a better solution in : 5.51 s	
find a better solution in: 5.58 s	
find a better solution in : 5.59 s	
find a better solution in : 5.60 s	
find a better solution in : 5.71 s	
find a better solution in: 5.72 s	
find a better solution in: 5.79 s	
find a better solution in: 5.90 s	
find a better solution in: 5.91 s	
find a better solution in: 5.93 s	
find a better solution in : 5.95 s	
find a better solution in: 6.02 s	
find a better solution in : 6.08 s	
find a better solution in: 6.08 s	
find a better solution in: 6.19 s	
find a better solution in: 6.20 s	
find a better solution in : 6.20 s	
find a better solution in: 6.36 s	
find a better solution in: 6.36 s	
find a better solution in: 6.37 s	
find a better solution in: 6.42 s	
find a better solution in: 6.44 s	
find a better solution in: 6.54 s	
find a better solution in : 6.61 s	
find a better solution in: 6.62 s	
find a better solution in: 6.85 s	
find a better solution in : 6.92 s	
find a better solution in : 7.14 s	
find a better solution in: 7.22 s	
find a better solution in : 7.30 s	
find a better solution in: 7.32 s	
find a better solution in : 7.53 s	
find a better solution in : 7.54 s	
find a better solution in: 7.54 s	
find a better solution in: 7.55 s	
find a better solution in: 7.56 s	
find a better solution in: 7.70 s	
find a better solution in : 7.71 s	
find a better solution in : 7.72 s	
find a better solution in : 7.74 s	
find a better solution in: 7.75 s	
find a better solution in : 7.76 s	
find a better solution in : 7.77 s	
find a better solution in: 7.84 s	
find a better solution in: 7.85 s	
find a better solution in: 7.85 s	
find a better solution in : 7.90 s	
find a better solution in : 7.91 s	
find a better solution in: 7.91 s	
find a better solution in: 8.06 s	
find a better solution in : 8.11 s	
find a better solution in: 8.21 s	
find a better solution in: 8.22 s	
find a better solution in : 8.25 s	
find a better solution in : 8.26 s	
find a better solution in : 8.26 s	
find a better solution in : 8.29 s	
find a better solution in : 8.30 s	
find a better solution in : 8.34 s	
find a better solution in: 8.34 s	
find a better solution in : 8.36 s	
find a better solution in: 8.37 s	
find a better solution in: 8.38 s	
find a better solution in: 8.44 s	
find a better solution in: 8.77 s	
find a better solution in : 8.78 s	
find a better solution in: 8.85 s	
find a better solution in: 8.85 s	
find a better solution in : 8.87 s	
find a better solution in: 8.90 s	
find a better solution in: 8.97 s	
find a better solution in : 9.05 s	
find a better solution in: 9.15 s	
find a better solution in: 9.18 s	
find a better solution in : 9.25 s	
find a better solution in : 9.46 s	
find a better solution in: 10.09 s	
find a better solution in: 10.14 s	
find a better solution in : 10.20 s	
find a better solution in : 10.21 s	
find a better solution in: 10.21 s	
find a better solution in: 10.35 s	
find a better solution in : 10.35 s	
find a better solution in: 10.76 s	
find a better solution in: 10.77 s	
find a better solution in: 10.93 s	
find a better solution in : 10.93 s	
find a better solution in: 10.93 s	
find a better solution in: 10.96 s	
find a better solution in: 10.98 s	
find a better solution in : 11.07 s	
find a better solution in: 11.19 s	
find a better solution in : 11.23 s	
find a better solution in : 11.23 s	
find a better solution in: 11.39 s	
find a better solution in : 11.71 s	
find a better solution in: 11.71 s	
find a better solution in : 11.72 s	
find a better solution in: 11.74 s	
find a better solution in : 12.08 s	
find a better solution in : 12.09 s	
find a better solution in: 12.12 s	
find a better solution in: 12.17 s	
find a better solution in : 12.17 s	
find a better solution in: 12.28 s	
find a better solution in: 12.29 s	
find a better solution in : 12.36 s	
find a better solution in : 12.54 s	
find a better solution in : 13.24 s	
find a better solution in : 23.59 s	
find a better solution in: 24.24 s	
find a better solution in : 24.25 s	
find a better solution in : 24.27 s	
find a better solution in : 24.28 s	
find a better solution in : 24.28 s	
find a better solution in : 24.46 s	
find a better solution in: 25.02 s	
find a better solution in : 25.25 s	
find a better solution in: 25.65 s	
find a better solution in: 25.80 s	
find a better solution in: 25.88 s	
find a better solution in: 26.22 s	
find a better solution in: 26.23 s	
find a better solution in: 26.24 s	
find a better solution in: 26.38 s	
find a better solution in: 26.38 s	
find a better solution in: 26.44 s	
find a better solution in: 26.47 s	
find a better solution in : 26.52 s	
find a better solution in: 26.59 s	
find a better solution in : 26.98 s	
find a better solution in: 26.98 s	
find a better solution in : 26.99 s	
find a better solution in: 27.15 s	
find a better solution in: 27.22 s	
find a better solution in: 27.23 s	
find a better solution in : 27.38 s	
find a better solution in: 27.38 s	
find a better solution in : 27.38 s	
find a better solution in : 27.41 s	
find a better solution in : 27.79 s	
find a better solution in : 27.80 s	
find a better solution in : 27.80 s	
find a better solution in : 27.81 s	
find a better solution in : 27.81 s	
find a better solution in : 27.81 s	
find a better solution in: 27.82 s	
find a better solution in : 27.82 s	
find a better solution in : 27.88 s	
find a better solution in : 27.88 s	
find a better solution in : 27.89 s	
find a better solution in : 27.90 s	
find a better solution in : 27.92 s	
find a better solution in : 27.93 s	
find a better solution in : 27.93 s	
find a better solution in: 28.02 s	
find a better solution in: 28.05 s	
find a better solution in: 28.24 s	
find a better solution in: 28.31 s	
find a better solution in: 28.34 s	
find a better solution in: 28.43 s	
find a better solution in: 28.43 s	
find a better solution in: 28.45 s	
find a better solution in: 28.61 s	
find a better solution in: 28.61 s	
find a better solution in: 28.82 s	
find a better solution in : 28.90 s	
find a better solution in: 28.90 s	
find a better solution in: 28.91 s	
find a better solution in: 28.91 s	
find a better solution in : 28.93 s	
find a better solution in: 28.93 s	
find a better solution in: 29.10 s	
find a better solution in: 29.55 s	
find a better solution in : 29.57 s	
find a better solution in: 29.58 s	
find a better solution in: 29.68 s	
find a better solution in : 29.69 s	
find a better solution in : 29.69 s	
find a better solution in: 29.70 s	
find a better solution in: 29.98 s	
find a better solution in : 29.99 s	
find a better solution in : 29.99 s	
find a better solution in : 30.00 s	
find a better solution in: 30.03 s	
find a better solution in: 30.17 s	
find a better solution in: 30.54 s	
find a better solution in: 30.97 s	
find a better solution in: 31.18 s	
find a better solution in : 31.18 s	
find a better solution in : 31.20 s	
find a better solution in: 31.21 s	
find a better solution in: 31.42 s	
find a better solution in : 31.46 s	
find a better solution in: 31.50 s	
find a better solution in: 31.68 s	
find a better solution in: 31.69 s	
find a better solution in: 31.73 s	
find a better solution in: 31.93 s	
find a better solution in : 31.94 s	
find a better solution in: 31.97 s	
find a better solution in: 31.98 s	
find a better solution in: 32.09 s	
find a better solution in : 32.12 s	
find a better solution in: 32.13 s	
find a better solution in: 32.39 s	
find a better solution in : 32.46 s	
find a better solution in : 32.64 s	
find a better solution in : 32.64 s	
find a better solution in: 32.65 s	
find a better solution in: 32.87 s	
find a better solution in: 32.96 s	
find a better solution in : 32.97 s	
find a better solution in : 32.97 s	
find a better solution in : 32.98 s	
find a better solution in: 33.08 s	
find a better solution in : 33.18 s	
find a better solution in: 33.19 s	
find a better solution in: 33.19 s	
find a better solution in: 33.20 s	
find a better solution in : 33.20 s	
find a better solution in: 33.21 s	
find a better solution in : 33.29 s	
find a better solution in: 33.29 s	
find a better solution in: 33.30 s	
find a better solution in : 33.35 s	
find a better solution in : 33.36 s	
find a better solution in : 33.44 s	
find a better solution in : 33.45 s	
find a better solution in : 33.45 s	
find a better solution in: 33.45 s	
find a better solution in : 33.46 s	
find a better solution in : 33.46 s	
find a better solution in: 33.46 s	
find a better solution in: 33.61 s	
find a better solution in: 33.63 s	
find a better solution in: 33.73 s	
find a better solution in: 33.90 s	
find a better solution in: 34.00 s	
find a better solution in : 34.02 s	
find a better solution in: 34.20 s	
find a better solution in: 34.24 s	
find a better solution in: 34.34 s	
find a better solution in: 34.37 s	
find a better solution in: 34.41 s	
find a better solution in: 34.75 s	
find a better solution in: 35.13 s	
find a better solution in : 35.13 s	
find a better solution in: 35.14 s	
find a better solution in : 35.32 s	
find a better solution in : 35.33 s	
find a better solution in: 35.47 s	
find a better solution in : 35.51 s	
find a better solution in: 35.52 s	
find a better solution in : 35.52 s	
find a better solution in : 35.52 s	
find a better solution in : 35.53 s	
find a better solution in : 35.53 s	
find a better solution in: 35.53 s	
find a better solution in : 35.54 s	
find a better solution in: 35.54 s	
find a better solution in : 35.54 s	
find a better solution in: 35.55 s	
find a better solution in: 35.70 s	
find a better solution in: 35.80 s	
find a better solution in : 35.82 s	
find a better solution in : 36.04 s	
find a better solution in: 36.04 s	
find a better solution in: 36.05 s	
find a better solution in: 36.06 s	
find a better solution in : 36.06 s	
find a better solution in : 36.07 s	
find a better solution in : 36.08 s	
find a better solution in : 36.16 s	
find a better solution in: 36.16 s	
find a better solution in : 36.17 s	
find a better solution in: 36.22 s	
find a better solution in : 36.22 s	
find a better solution in : 36.22 s	
find a better solution in : 36.22 s	
find a better solution in : 36.23 s	
find a better solution in: 36.23 s	
find a better solution in : 36.37 s	
find a better solution in : 36.37 s	
find a better solution in: 36.37 s	
find a better solution in : 36.38 s	
find a better solution in : 36.42 s	
find a better solution in: 36.44 s	
find a better solution in: 36.87 s	
find a better solution in: 36.89 s	
find a better solution in: 36.90 s	
find a better solution in: 36.90 s	
find a better solution in: 36.92 s	
find a better solution in: 37.18 s	
find a better solution in: 37.25 s	
find a better solution in : 37.36 s	
find a better solution in : 37.42 s	
find a better solution in: 37.42 s	
find a better solution in: 37.45 s	
find a better solution in: 38.19 s	
find a better solution in: 38.19 s	
find a better solution in: 38.19 s	
find a better solution in : 38.20 s	
find a better solution in : 38.22 s	
find a better solution in : 38.22 s	
find a better solution in : 38.23 s	
find a better solution in : 38.27 s	
find a better solution in: 38.40 s	
find a better solution in : 38.50 s	
find a better solution in: 38.51 s	
find a better solution in : 38.51 s	
find a better solution in: 38.72 s	
find a better solution in: 38.85 s	
find a better solution in : 39.41 s	
find a better solution in: 39.41 s	
find a better solution in : 39.41 s	
find a better solution in : 39.42 s	
find a better solution in: 39.43 s	
find a better solution in: 39.45 s	
find a better solution in: 39.48 s	
find a better solution in: 39.48 s	
find a better solution in : 39.73 s	
find a better solution in: 39.73 s	
find a better solution in: 39.74 s	
find a better solution in : 39.80 s	
find a better solution in: 40.18 s	
find a better solution in: 40.18 s	
find a better solution in: 40.65 s	
find a better solution in: 40.65 s	
find a better solution in: 40.66 s	
find a better solution in: 40.89 s	
find a better solution in: 52.41 s	
find a better solution in : 52.94 s	
find a better solution in: 53.15 s	
find a better solution in : 53.23 s	
find a better solution in : 53.24 s	
find a better solution in : 53.25 s	
find a better solution in : 53.27 s	
find a better solution in : 53.27 s	
find a better solution in : 53.28 s	
find a better solution in : 53.29 s	
find a better solution in : 53.30 s	
find a better solution in : 53.58 s	
find a better solution in: 53.65 s	
find a better solution in: 53.72 s	
find a better solution in: 53.81 s	
find a better solution in : 54.21 s	
find a better solution in: 54.22 s	
find a better solution in : 54.23 s	
find a better solution in: 54.23 s	
find a better solution in : 54.32 s	
find a better solution in: 54.72 s	
find a better solution in : 54.81 s	
find a better solution in: 54.82 s	
find a better solution in: 55.05 s	
find a better solution in: 55.19 s	
find a better solution in: 55.26 s	
find a better solution in : 55.26 s	
find a better solution in: 55.27 s	
find a better solution in: 55.45 s	
find a better solution in: 55.57 s	
find a better solution in: 55.68 s	
find a better solution in : 55.69 s	
find a better solution in : 55.74 s	
find a better solution in: 55.74 s	
find a better solution in : 55.79 s	
find a better solution in : 55.79 s	
find a better solution in: 55.80 s	
find a better solution in: 55.80 s	
find a better solution in: 55.81 s	
find a better solution in : 55.82 s	
find a better solution in: 55.88 s	
find a better solution in: 55.97 s	
find a better solution in: 55.97 s	
find a better solution in: 55.97 s	
find a better solution in : 56.32 s	
find a better solution in: 56.33 s	
find a better solution in : 56.33 s	
find a better solution in : 56.33 s	
find a better solution in : 56.43 s	
find a better solution in: 56.45 s	
find a better solution in: 56.45 s	
find a better solution in : 56.47 s	
find a better solution in : 56.48 s	
find a better solution in: 56.63 s	
find a better solution in: 56.87 s	
find a better solution in: 56.98 s	
find a better solution in : 57.06 s	
find a better solution in : 57.06 s	
find a better solution in : 57.32 s	
find a better solution in : 57.47 s	
find a better solution in: 57.47 s	
find a better solution in : 57.48 s	
find a better solution in: 57.60 s	
find a better solution in: 57.60 s	
find a better solution in : 57.61 s	
find a better solution in : 57.70 s	
find a better solution in: 57.77 s	
find a better solution in : 58.05 s	
find a better solution in : 58.06 s	
find a better solution in : 58.10 s	
find a better solution in : 58.25 s	
find a better solution in: 58.26 s	
find a better solution in : 58.27 s	
find a better solution in : 58.27 s	
find a better solution in : 58.29 s	
find a better solution in : 58.29 s	
find a better solution in : 58.30 s	
find a better solution in: 58.31 s	
find a better solution in: 58.83 s	
find a better solution in : 77.23 s	
find a better solution in : 78.84 s	
find a better solution in : 79.49 s	
find a better solution in : 79.49 s	
find a better solution in : 79.50 s	
find a better solution in: 79.81 s	
find a better solution in: 79.82 s	
find a better solution in : 80.10 s	
find a better solution in: 80.10 s	
find a better solution in : 80.10 s	
find a better solution in : 80.11 s	
find a better solution in : 80.12 s	
find a better solution in : 80.12 s	
find a better solution in: 80.14 s	
find a better solution in : 80.15 s	
find a better solution in : 80.40 s	
find a better solution in : 80.41 s	
find a better solution in: 80.68 s	
find a better solution in: 80.89 s	
find a better solution in: 80.97 s	
find a better solution in: 81.05 s	
find a better solution in : 81.07 s	
find a better solution in : 81.20 s	
find a better solution in: 81.20 s	
find a better solution in: 81.31 s	
find a better solution in : 81.41 s	
find a better solution in : 81.42 s	
find a better solution in : 81.45 s	
find a better solution in : 81.47 s	
find a better solution in : 81.49 s	
find a better solution in : 81.55 s	
find a better solution in: 81.56 s	
find a better solution in: 81.56 s	
find a better solution in: 81.63 s	
find a better solution in : 81.70 s	
find a better solution in : 81.80 s	
find a better solution in: 81.80 s	
find a better solution in: 81.85 s	
find a better solution in : 82.14 s	
find a better solution in : 82.14 s	
find a better solution in : 82.15 s	
find a better solution in: 82.19 s	
find a better solution in: 82.19 s	
find a better solution in: 82.20 s	
find a better solution in: 82.28 s	
find a better solution in: 82.33 s	
find a better solution in: 82.34 s	
find a better solution in : 82.35 s	
find a better solution in : 82.36 s	
find a better solution in : 82.37 s	
find a better solution in: 82.43 s	
find a better solution in : 82.47 s	
find a better solution in : 82.47 s	
find a better solution in: 82.48 s	
find a better solution in : 82.48 s	
find a better solution in: 82.49 s	
find a better solution in: 82.50 s	
find a better solution in: 82.54 s	
find a better solution in: 82.56 s	
find a better solution in: 82.57 s	
find a better solution in: 82.58 s	
find a better solution in : 82.60 s	
find a better solution in : 82.60 s	
find a better solution in: 82.61 s	
find a better solution in : 82.83 s	
find a better solution in: 82.89 s	
find a better solution in: 82.95 s	
find a better solution in : 83.14 s	
find a better solution in: 83.14 s	
find a better solution in: 83.14 s	
find a better solution in : 83.15 s	
find a better solution in : 83.15 s	
find a better solution in: 83.16 s	
find a better solution in: 83.16 s	
find a better solution in : 83.16 s	
find a better solution in : 83.35 s	
find a better solution in : 83.50 s	
find a better solution in : 83.52 s	
find a better solution in: 83.54 s	
find a better solution in : 83.80 s	
find a better solution in: 83.81 s	
find a better solution in : 83.83 s	
find a better solution in: 83.83 s	
find a better solution in : 83.84 s	
find a better solution in : 83.84 s	
find a better solution in: 83.95 s	
find a better solution in: 84.08 s	
find a better solution in: 84.24 s	
find a better solution in: 84.25 s	
find a better solution in : 84.25 s	
find a better solution in : 84.25 s	
find a better solution in: 84.26 s	
find a better solution in : 84.26 s	
find a better solution in: 84.27 s	
find a better solution in : 84.32 s	
find a better solution in : 84.35 s	
find a better solution in : 84.36 s	
find a better solution in : 84.36 s	
find a better solution in: 84.41 s	
find a better solution in: 84.44 s	
find a better solution in: 84.58 s	
find a better solution in : 84.63 s	
find a better solution in: 84.63 s	
find a better solution in: 84.64 s	
find a better solution in : 84.65 s	
find a better solution in : 84.67 s	
find a better solution in: 84.71 s	
find a better solution in : 84.81 s	
find a better solution in: 84.85 s	
find a better solution in: 84.86 s	
find a better solution in : 84.87 s	
find a better solution in : 84.94 s	
find a better solution in: 84.95 s	
find a better solution in: 84.95 s	
find a better solution in : 84.95 s	
find a better solution in: 84.96 s	
find a better solution in: 84.97 s	
find a better solution in: 85.05 s	
find a better solution in : 85.07 s	
find a better solution in: 85.25 s	
find a better solution in: 85.35 s	
find a better solution in: 85.49 s	
find a better solution in: 85.50 s	
find a better solution in: 85.54 s	
find a better solution in: 85.55 s	
find a better solution in : 85.55 s	
find a better solution in: 85.56 s	
find a better solution in : 85.56 s	
find a better solution in : 85.57 s	
find a better solution in: 85.63 s	
find a better solution in: 85.88 s	
find a better solution in: 85.93 s	
find a better solution in : 85.94 s	
find a better solution in: 85.99 s	
find a better solution in: 86.09 s	
find a better solution in: 86.09 s	
find a better solution in: 86.16 s	
find a better solution in : 86.16 s	
find a better solution in : 86.33 s	
find a better solution in : 86.35 s	
find a better solution in: 86.36 s	
find a better solution in: 86.76 s	
find a better solution in : 86.78 s	
find a better solution in: 86.97 s	
find a better solution in: 86.97 s	
find a better solution in : 87.03 s	
find a better solution in : 87.05 s	
find a better solution in: 87.06 s	
find a better solution in : 87.07 s	
find a better solution in : 87.07 s	
find a better solution in : 87.08 s	
find a better solution in : 87.17 s	
find a better solution in : 87.28 s	
find a better solution in: 87.42 s	
find a better solution in: 87.42 s	
find a better solution in: 87.58 s	
find a better solution in : 87.93 s	
find a better solution in: 88.06 s	
find a better solution in: 88.06 s	
find a better solution in: 88.07 s	
find a better solution in: 88.07 s	
find a better solution in: 88.16 s	
find a better solution in: 88.24 s	
find a better solution in: 88.24 s	
find a better solution in: 88.25 s	
find a better solution in: 88.26 s	
find a better solution in: 88.27 s	
find a better solution in: 88.28 s	
find a better solution in: 88.28 s	
find a better solution in: 88.32 s	
find a better solution in : 88.37 s	
find a better solution in : 88.47 s	
find a better solution in : 88.47 s	
find a better solution in : 88.50 s	
find a better solution in: 88.56 s	
find a better solution in: 88.59 s	
find a better solution in: 88.85 s	
find a better solution in: 88.90 s	
find a better solution in : 89.02 s	
find a better solution in: 89.10 s	
find a better solution in: 89.32 s	
find a better solution in : 89.32 s	
find a better solution in: 89.33 s	
find a better solution in : 89.33 s	
find a better solution in : 89.94 s	
find a better solution in: 89.98 s	
find a better solution in : 90.12 s	
find a better solution in: 90.20 s	
find a better solution in : 90.25 s	
find a better solution in: 90.26 s	
find a better solution in: 90.38 s	
find a better solution in : 90.42 s	
find a better solution in : 90.45 s	
find a better solution in: 90.68 s	
find a better solution in: 90.84 s	
find a better solution in: 90.85 s	
find a better solution in : 90.95 s	
find a better solution in : 90.95 s	
find a better solution in: 90.98 s	
find a better solution in: 90.99 s	
find a better solution in : 91.11 s	
find a better solution in: 91.13 s	
find a better solution in : 91.13 s	
find a better solution in : 91.14 s	
find a better solution in: 91.15 s	
find a better solution in: 91.16 s	
find a better solution in: 91.17 s	
find a better solution in: 91.17 s	
find a better solution in: 91.19 s	
find a better solution in: 91.19 s	
find a better solution in : 91.20 s	
find a better solution in : 91.21 s	
find a better solution in: 91.76 s	
find a better solution in : 91.85 s	
find a better solution in: 92.19 s	
find a better solution in: 92.19 s	
find a better solution in : 92.46 s	
find a better solution in: 92.46 s	
find a better solution in : 92.47 s	
find a better solution in : 92.48 s	
find a better solution in : 92.48 s	
find a better solution in : 92.49 s	
find a better solution in : 92.49 s	
find a better solution in: 92.50 s	
find a better solution in : 92.74 s	
find a better solution in: 92.77 s	
find a better solution in: 92.81 s	
find a better solution in: 92.86 s	
find a better solution in: 93.16 s	
find a better solution in : 93.23 s	
find a better solution in : 93.43 s	
find a better solution in : 93.43 s	
find a better solution in: 93.44 s	
find a better solution in: 93.49 s	
find a better solution in : 93.49 s	
find a better solution in: 93.63 s	
find a better solution in: 93.82 s	
find a better solution in : 93.84 s	
find a better solution in: 93.99 s	
find a better solution in : 94.13 s	
find a better solution in : 94.22 s	
find a better solution in: 94.26 s	
find a better solution in: 94.26 s	
find a better solution in: 94.95 s	
find a better solution in : 95.03 s	
find a better solution in : 95.16 s	
find a better solution in : 95.20 s	
find a better solution in : 95.20 s	
find a better solution in: 95.42 s	
find a better solution in : 95.42 s	
find a better solution in : 119.61 s	
find a better solution in : 119.72 s	
find a better solution in : 120.08 s	
find a better solution in : 120.10 s	
find a better solution in: 120.14 s	
find a better solution in: 120.29 s	
find a better solution in: 120.40 s	
find a better solution in: 120.41 s	
find a better solution in: 120.44 s	
find a better solution in : 120.51 s	
find a better solution in : 120.65 s	
find a better solution in: 120.67 s	
find a better solution in: 120.68 s	
find a better solution in : 120.74 s	
find a better solution in : 121.08 s	
find a better solution in: 121.08 s	
find a better solution in : 121.10 s	
find a better solution in: 121.18 s	
find a better solution in : 121.22 s	
find a better solution in : 121.28 s	
find a better solution in: 121.37 s	
find a better solution in: 121.43 s	
find a better solution in: 121.46 s	
find a better solution in: 121.81 s	
find a better solution in : 122.05 s	
find a better solution in : 122.05 s	
find a better solution in : 122.06 s	
find a better solution in: 122.07 s	
find a better solution in : 122.30 s	
find a better solution in: 122.45 s	
find a better solution in: 122.84 s	
find a better solution in: 122.85 s	
find a better solution in : 123.04 s	
find a better solution in: 123.13 s	
find a better solution in: 123.32 s	
find a better solution in : 123.35 s	
find a better solution in : 123.60 s	
find a better solution in: 123.63 s	
find a better solution in: 123.80 s	
find a better solution in: 123.81 s	
find a better solution in : 123.83 s	
find a better solution in: 123.84 s	
find a better solution in : 123.84 s	
find a better solution in: 124.09 s	
find a better solution in: 124.13 s	
find a better solution in: 124.14 s	
find a better solution in: 124.29 s	
find a better solution in : 124.32 s	
find a better solution in : 124.32 s	
find a better solution in : 124.33 s	
find a better solution in : 124.34 s	
find a better solution in: 124.34 s	
find a better solution in: 124.39 s	
find a better solution in: 124.72 s	
find a better solution in: 124.74 s	
find a better solution in: 124.82 s	
find a better solution in: 124.83 s	
find a better solution in : 125.03 s	
find a better solution in: 125.04 s	
find a better solution in: 125.25 s	
find a better solution in: 125.25 s	
find a better solution in : 125.25 s	
find a better solution in : 125.26 s	
find a better solution in : 125.26 s	
find a better solution in : 125.26 s	
find a better solution in : 125.27 s	
find a better solution in : 125.30 s	
find a better solution in : 125.30 s	
find a better solution in : 125.30 s	
find a better solution in : 125.45 s	
find a better solution in: 125.45 s	
find a better solution in: 125.46 s	
find a better solution in : 125.46 s	
find a better solution in : 125.47 s	
find a better solution in : 125.47 s	
find a better solution in : 125.67 s	
find a better solution in : 125.68 s	
find a better solution in: 125.83 s	
find a better solution in: 125.83 s	
find a better solution in: 125.95 s	
find a better solution in : 126.06 s	
find a better solution in: 126.07 s	
find a better solution in: 126.07 s	
find a better solution in: 126.28 s	
find a better solution in : 126.37 s	
find a better solution in: 126.63 s	
find a better solution in: 126.64 s	
find a better solution in : 126.64 s	
find a better solution in : 126.64 s	
find a better solution in: 126.66 s	
find a better solution in : 126.66 s	
find a better solution in : 126.67 s	
find a better solution in : 126.80 s	
find a better solution in: 126.81 s	
find a better solution in: 126.81 s	
find a better solution in : 126.81 s	
find a better solution in : 126.82 s	
find a better solution in : 126.82 s	
find a better solution in : 126.82 s	
find a better solution in : 126.82 s	
find a better solution in : 126.83 s	
find a better solution in : 126.83 s	
find a better solution in : 126.84 s	
find a better solution in : 126.84 s	
find a better solution in : 126.84 s	
find a better solution in : 126.85 s	
find a better solution in : 126.87 s	
find a better solution in : 126.94 s	
find a better solution in: 127.02 s	
find a better solution in: 127.07 s	
find a better solution in : 127.08 s	
find a better solution in: 127.49 s	
find a better solution in: 127.50 s	
find a better solution in : 127.50 s	
find a better solution in : 127.50 s	
find a better solution in : 127.51 s	
find a better solution in: 127.70 s	
find a better solution in: 127.70 s	
find a better solution in: 127.96 s	
find a better solution in : 127.96 s	
find a better solution in : 127.97 s	
find a better solution in: 127.98 s	
find a better solution in: 128.04 s	
find a better solution in : 128.11 s	
find a better solution in: 128.12 s	
find a better solution in : 128.32 s	
find a better solution in: 128.52 s	
find a better solution in: 128.76 s	
find a better solution in: 128.85 s	
find a better solution in: 129.15 s	
find a better solution in : 129.37 s	
find a better solution in: 129.54 s	
find a better solution in: 129.75 s	
find a better solution in: 129.82 s	
find a better solution in : 129.88 s	
find a better solution in : 130.24 s	
find a better solution in: 130.24 s	
find a better solution in : 130.43 s	
find a better solution in: 130.53 s	
find a better solution in: 130.72 s	
find a better solution in : 130.73 s	
find a better solution in: 130.75 s	
find a better solution in: 130.75 s	
find a better solution in: 130.76 s	
find a better solution in: 130.81 s	
find a better solution in: 130.91 s	
find a better solution in : 130.92 s	
find a better solution in: 130.92 s	
find a better solution in: 131.15 s	
find a better solution in : 131.19 s	
find a better solution in : 131.20 s	
find a better solution in : 131.20 s	
find a better solution in : 131.20 s	
find a better solution in : 131.21 s	
find a better solution in : 131.21 s	
find a better solution in : 131.21 s	
find a better solution in : 131.21 s	
find a better solution in: 131.22 s	
find a better solution in : 131.54 s	
find a better solution in: 132.20 s	
find a better solution in : 132.21 s	
find a better solution in: 132.24 s	
find a better solution in: 132.24 s	
find a better solution in: 132.37 s	
find a better solution in: 132.42 s	
find a better solution in : 132.43 s	
find a better solution in : 132.44 s	
find a better solution in: 132.65 s	
find a better solution in: 132.69 s	
find a better solution in: 133.16 s	
find a better solution in: 133.32 s	
find a better solution in: 133.45 s	
find a better solution in: 133.46 s	
find a better solution in : 133.77 s	
find a better solution in : 133.98 s	
find a better solution in : 134.13 s	
find a better solution in: 134.14 s	
find a better solution in : 134.17 s	
find a better solution in : 134.19 s	
find a better solution in: 134.36 s	
find a better solution in : 134.37 s	
find a better solution in: 134.38 s	
find a better solution in : 134.38 s	
find a better solution in: 134.39 s	
find a better solution in : 134.40 s	
find a better solution in: 134.57 s	
find a better solution in: 134.61 s	
find a better solution in: 160.49 s	
find a better solution in: 160.77 s	
find a better solution in : 160.78 s	
find a better solution in : 160.78 s	
find a better solution in : 160.79 s	
find a better solution in: 160.82 s	
find a better solution in: 161.01 s	
find a better solution in: 161.38 s	
find a better solution in : 161.39 s	
find a better solution in : 161.39 s	
find a better solution in : 161.40 s	
find a better solution in : 161.43 s	
find a better solution in : 161.44 s	
find a better solution in : 161.45 s	
find a better solution in : 161.51 s	
find a better solution in : 161.51 s	
find a better solution in : 162.16 s	
find a better solution in: 162.17 s	
find a better solution in : 162.24 s	
find a better solution in: 162.30 s	
find a better solution in: 162.33 s	
find a better solution in: 162.63 s	
find a better solution in: 162.68 s	
find a better solution in: 162.69 s	
find a better solution in: 162.86 s	
find a better solution in : 163.24 s	
find a better solution in : 163.24 s	
find a better solution in: 163.56 s	
find a better solution in: 163.81 s	
find a better solution in: 164.11 s	
find a better solution in: 164.12 s	
find a better solution in: 164.13 s	
find a better solution in : 164.14 s	
find a better solution in: 164.15 s	
find a better solution in : 164.15 s	
find a better solution in: 164.16 s	
find a better solution in: 164.16 s	
find a better solution in : 164.16 s	
find a better solution in: 164.24 s	
find a better solution in: 164.50 s	
find a better solution in: 164.63 s	
find a better solution in: 164.75 s	
find a better solution in: 164.76 s	
find a better solution in : 164.98 s	
find a better solution in : 164.99 s	
find a better solution in : 165.00 s	
find a better solution in : 165.15 s	
find a better solution in : 165.15 s	
find a better solution in : 165.16 s	
find a better solution in : 165.18 s	
find a better solution in : 165.19 s	
find a better solution in : 165.22 s	
find a better solution in : 165.26 s	
find a better solution in : 165.29 s	
find a better solution in: 165.33 s	
find a better solution in : 165.33 s	
find a better solution in: 165.34 s	
find a better solution in: 165.42 s	
find a better solution in: 165.43 s	
find a better solution in: 165.51 s	
find a better solution in : 165.51 s	
find a better solution in : 165.53 s	
find a better solution in : 165.69 s	
find a better solution in : 165.69 s	
find a better solution in: 165.69 s	
find a better solution in : 165.69 s	
find a better solution in : 165.70 s	
find a better solution in : 165.70 s	
find a better solution in : 165.93 s	
find a better solution in: 187.99 s	
find a better solution in : 187.99 s	
find a better solution in: 188.01 s	
find a better solution in: 189.16 s	
find a better solution in : 189.64 s	
find a better solution in: 189.98 s	
find a better solution in : 190.09 s	
find a better solution in : 190.10 s	
find a better solution in : 190.13 s	
find a better solution in : 190.16 s	
find a better solution in : 190.18 s	
find a better solution in : 190.19 s	
find a better solution in: 190.25 s	
find a better solution in: 190.54 s	
find a better solution in: 190.55 s	
find a better solution in: 190.61 s	
find a better solution in : 190.65 s	
find a better solution in : 190.65 s	
find a better solution in : 190.82 s	
find a better solution in : 190.82 s	
find a better solution in : 190.84 s	
find a better solution in : 190.85 s	
find a better solution in : 190.85 s	
find a better solution in : 190.90 s	
find a better solution in: 190.90 s	
find a better solution in : 190.95 s	
find a better solution in : 190.95 s	
find a better solution in: 190.99 s	
find a better solution in: 191.02 s	
find a better solution in : 191.21 s	
find a better solution in: 191.24 s	
find a better solution in: 191.37 s	
find a better solution in: 191.37 s	
find a better solution in : 191.38 s	
find a better solution in: 191.38 s	
find a better solution in: 191.39 s	
find a better solution in: 191.99 s	
find a better solution in: 192.00 s	
find a better solution in: 243.44 s	
find a better solution in : 288.21 s	
find a better solution in: 288.23 s	
find a better solution in : 288.24 s	
find a better solution in : 288.38 s	
find a better solution in: 288.73 s	
find a better solution in : 288.81 s	
find a better solution in: 288.81 s	
find a better solution in : 288.88 s	
find a better solution in: 289.16 s	
find a better solution in: 289.17 s	
find a better solution in: 289.25 s	
find a better solution in: 289.27 s	
find a better solution in : 289.28 s	
find a better solution in: 289.28 s	
find a better solution in: 289.35 s	
find a better solution in: 289.39 s	
find a better solution in: 289.40 s	
find a better solution in: 289.40 s	
find a better solution in : 289.46 s	
find a better solution in: 289.60 s	
find a better solution in: 289.67 s	
find a better solution in: 289.67 s	
find a better solution in : 289.85 s	
find a better solution in: 289.86 s	
find a better solution in: 289.86 s	
find a better solution in: 289.94 s	
find a better solution in : 290.25 s	
find a better solution in : 290.28 s	
find a better solution in: 290.38 s	
find a better solution in : 290.48 s	
find a better solution in: 290.49 s	
find a better solution in: 290.51 s	
find a better solution in: 290.55 s	
find a better solution in: 290.57 s	
find a better solution in: 290.57 s	
find a better solution in: 290.60 s	
find a better solution in : 290.92 s	
find a better solution in : 290.92 s	
find a better solution in: 290.95 s	
find a better solution in : 290.96 s	
find a better solution in : 291.03 s	
find a better solution in : 291.05 s	
find a better solution in: 291.05 s	
find a better solution in : 291.06 s	
find a better solution in : 291.13 s	
find a better solution in: 291.56 s	
find a better solution in: 291.59 s	
find a better solution in: 291.64 s	
find a better solution in : 291.66 s	
find a better solution in : 291.67 s	
find a better solution in : 291.79 s	
find a better solution in: 291.81 s	
find a better solution in: 291.82 s	
find a better solution in : 291.92 s	
find a better solution in : 291.92 s	
find a better solution in: 291.99 s	
find a better solution in: 292.12 s	
find a better solution in: 292.12 s	
find a better solution in: 292.33 s	
find a better solution in : 292.49 s	
find a better solution in: 292.50 s	
find a better solution in: 292.51 s	
find a better solution in: 292.52 s	
find a better solution in: 292.53 s	
find a better solution in : 292.87 s	
find a better solution in : 292.89 s	
find a better solution in : 292.90 s	
find a better solution in : 292.90 s	
find a better solution in : 292.91 s	
find a better solution in: 292.91 s	
find a better solution in: 292.91 s	
find a better solution in: 293.05 s	
find a better solution in : 293.44 s	
find a better solution in: 293.44 s	
find a better solution in : 293.44 s	
find a better solution in : 293.45 s	
find a better solution in: 293.46 s	
find a better solution in: 293.51 s	
find a better solution in: 293.57 s	
find a better solution in : 293.62 s	
find a better solution in : 293.63 s	
find a better solution in: 293.72 s	
find a better solution in : 293.73 s	
find a better solution in: 293.74 s	
find a better solution in: 294.04 s	
find a better solution in: 294.04 s	
find a better solution in: 294.05 s	
find a better solution in: 294.12 s	
find a better solution in: 294.16 s	
find a better solution in : 294.24 s	
find a better solution in: 294.26 s	
find a better solution in: 294.27 s	
find a better solution in : 294.48 s	
find a better solution in: 294.48 s	
find a better solution in: 294.48 s	
find a better solution in : 294.58 s	
find a better solution in: 294.58 s	
find a better solution in : 294.58 s	
find a better solution in: 294.60 s	
find a better solution in : 294.76 s	
find a better solution in: 294.76 s	
find a better solution in: 294.77 s	
find a better solution in: 294.86 s	
find a better solution in: 295.10 s	
find a better solution in : 295.28 s	
find a better solution in: 295.29 s	
find a better solution in: 295.37 s	
find a better solution in: 295.52 s	
find a better solution in : 295.59 s	
find a better solution in: 295.75 s	
find a better solution in : 295.79 s	
find a better solution in : 296.18 s	
find a better solution in: 296.19 s	
find a better solution in: 296.21 s	
find a better solution in: 296.21 s	
find a better solution in: 296.22 s	
find a better solution in : 296.23 s	
find a better solution in: 296.23 s	
find a better solution in: 296.48 s	
find a better solution in : 296.60 s	
find a better solution in: 296.60 s	
find a better solution in: 296.66 s	
find a better solution in : 296.67 s	
find a better solution in: 296.86 s	
find a better solution in: 296.89 s	
find a better solution in : 296.89 s	
find a better solution in: 296.89 s	
find a better solution in: 296.91 s	
find a better solution in : 296.92 s	
find a better solution in : 296.92 s	
find a better solution in : 296.92 s	
find a better solution in: 296.94 s	
find a better solution in: 296.96 s	
find a better solution in: 297.01 s	
find a better solution in: 297.01 s	
find a better solution in : 297.07 s	
find a better solution in: 297.44 s	
find a better solution in: 297.46 s	
find a better solution in: 297.53 s	
find a better solution in : 297.79 s	
find a better solution in : 297.82 s	
find a better solution in: 297.82 s	
find a better solution in: 297.83 s	
find a better solution in : 297.83 s	
find a better solution in: 297.84 s	
find a better solution in: 297.84 s	
find a better solution in : 297.88 s	
find a better solution in: 297.93 s	
find a better solution in : 298.04 s	
find a better solution in : 298.09 s	
find a better solution in : 298.09 s	
find a better solution in : 298.37 s	
find a better solution in: 298.39 s	
find a better solution in : 298.40 s	
find a better solution in : 298.55 s	
find a better solution in: 298.55 s	
find a better solution in: 298.55 s	
find a better solution in : 298.72 s	
find a better solution in: 298.72 s	
find a better solution in: 298.73 s	
find a better solution in: 298.73 s	
find a better solution in: 298.74 s	
find a better solution in : 298.74 s	
find a better solution in : 298.74 s	
find a better solution in: 298.75 s	
find a better solution in : 298.76 s	
find a better solution in : 298.76 s	
find a better solution in : 298.92 s	
find a better solution in : 298.93 s	
find a better solution in: 299.04 s	
find a better solution in: 299.14 s	
find a better solution in: 299.52 s	
find a better solution in : 299.53 s	
find a better solution in: 299.55 s	
find a better solution in: 299.56 s	
find a better solution in: 299.57 s	
find a better solution in: 299.88 s	
find a better solution in: 300.09 s	
find a better solution in: 300.14 s	
find a better solution in: 300.14 s	
find a better solution in: 300.44 s	
find a better solution in: 300.44 s	
find a better solution in : 300.47 s	
find a better solution in : 300.69 s	
find a better solution in : 300.70 s	
find a better solution in: 300.88 s	
find a better solution in : 300.96 s	
find a better solution in : 301.11 s	
find a better solution in: 301.13 s	
find a better solution in : 301.14 s	
find a better solution in: 301.14 s	
find a better solution in : 301.14 s	
find a better solution in: 301.15 s	
find a better solution in: 301.15 s	
find a better solution in: 301.16 s	
find a better solution in: 301.17 s	
find a better solution in: 301.18 s	
find a better solution in: 301.18 s	
find a better solution in : 301.19 s	
find a better solution in : 301.68 s	
find a better solution in: 301.69 s	
find a better solution in : 301.69 s	
find a better solution in: 301.70 s	
find a better solution in: 301.80 s	
find a better solution in: 301.97 s	
find a better solution in: 301.97 s	
find a better solution in : 302.04 s	
find a better solution in: 302.04 s	
find a better solution in: 302.13 s	
find a better solution in: 302.14 s	
find a better solution in: 302.15 s	
find a better solution in : 302.16 s	
find a better solution in : 302.18 s	
find a better solution in: 302.30 s	
find a better solution in : 302.37 s	
find a better solution in: 302.58 s	
find a better solution in : 302.82 s	
find a better solution in: 302.89 s	
find a better solution in : 303.27 s	
find a better solution in: 303.27 s	
find a better solution in : 303.53 s	
find a better solution in : 303.53 s	
find a better solution in : 303.54 s	
find a better solution in: 303.60 s	
find a better solution in: 303.60 s	
find a better solution in : 303.80 s	
find a better solution in : 303.84 s	
find a better solution in: 303.85 s	
find a better solution in: 444.68 s	
find a better solution in : 449.07 s	
find a better solution in : 449.43 s	
find a better solution in: 449.59 s	
find a better solution in: 449.64 s	
find a better solution in : 449.78 s	
find a better solution in: 450.47 s	
find a better solution in: 450.49 s	
find a better solution in : 450.66 s	
find a better solution in : 450.68 s	
find a better solution in: 450.69 s	
find a better solution in : 450.70 s	
find a better solution in : 450.71 s	
find a better solution in : 450.73 s	
find a better solution in: 451.04 s	
find a better solution in : 451.06 s	
find a better solution in : 451.31 s	
find a better solution in: 451.56 s	
find a better solution in : 452.26 s	
find a better solution in : 452.52 s	
find a better solution in : 452.59 s	
find a better solution in: 452.65 s	
find a better solution in: 452.65 s	
find a better solution in: 452.82 s	
find a better solution in : 453.07 s	
find a better solution in: 453.19 s	
find a better solution in: 453.20 s	
find a better solution in: 453.21 s	
find a better solution in : 453.31 s	
find a better solution in : 453.32 s	
find a better solution in : 453.34 s	
find a better solution in : 453.34 s	
find a better solution in : 453.35 s	
find a better solution in: 453.53 s	
find a better solution in : 453.67 s	
find a better solution in: 454.35 s	
find a better solution in : 454.91 s	
find a better solution in: 455.26 s	
find a better solution in: 455.28 s	
find a better solution in: 455.33 s	
find a better solution in: 455.38 s	
find a better solution in: 455.47 s	
find a better solution in: 455.62 s	
find a better solution in: 455.63 s	
find a better solution in: 455.67 s	
find a better solution in: 455.72 s	
find a better solution in: 455.94 s	
find a better solution in: 456.02 s	
find a better solution in: 456.07 s	
find a better solution in : 456.17 s	
find a better solution in : 456.17 s	
find a better solution in: 456.49 s	
find a better solution in: 456.60 s	
find a better solution in: 456.60 s	
find a better solution in : 456.91 s	
find a better solution in: 457.03 s	
find a better solution in : 457.18 s	
find a better solution in : 457.58 s	
find a better solution in: 457.64 s	
find a better solution in: 458.33 s	
find a better solution in: 458.53 s	
find a better solution in : 458.58 s	
find a better solution in : 458.70 s	
find a better solution in: 458.81 s	
find a better solution in: 459.21 s	
find a better solution in : 459.49 s	
find a better solution in: 459.64 s	
find a better solution in: 459.72 s	
find a better solution in : 459.99 s	
find a better solution in : 459.99 s	
find a better solution in: 460.10 s	
find a better solution in: 460.17 s	
find a better solution in: 460.97 s	
find a better solution in: 460.97 s	
find a better solution in : 460.99 s	
find a better solution in: 461.11 s	
find a better solution in : 461.36 s	
find a better solution in: 480.88 s	
find a better solution in : 480.89 s	
find a better solution in: 481.32 s	
find a better solution in: 485.39 s	
find a better solution in: 487.29 s	
find a better solution in: 488.03 s	
find a better solution in: 489.16 s	
find a better solution in: 490.09 s	
find a better solution in: 491.34 s	
find a better solution in : 492.12 s	
find a better solution in: 492.21 s	
find a better solution in: 492.33 s	
find a better solution in: 493.11 s	
find a better solution in: 493.52 s	
find a better solution in : 493.59 s	
find a better solution in : 494.87 s	
1 generation time: 769.79 s
*****************************t=1*****************************
find a better solution in: 783.07 s	
find a better solution in: 783.08 s	
find a better solution in : 783.65 s	
find a better solution in: 949.20 s	
find a better solution in : 949.20 s	
find a better solution in : 949.21 s	
find a better solution in : 949.33 s	
find a better solution in: 949.45 s	
find a better solution in : 949.47 s	
find a better solution in: 949.62 s	
find a better solution in: 949.62 s	
find a better solution in: 949.64 s	
find a better solution in : 949.67 s	
find a better solution in: 949.68 s	
find a better solution in: 949.68 s	
find a better solution in: 949.78 s	
find a better solution in: 949.81 s	
find a better solution in: 949.81 s	
find a better solution in : 949.83 s	
find a better solution in : 949.84 s	
find a better solution in : 949.89 s	
find a better solution in: 949.90 s	
find a better solution in: 950.00 s	
find a better solution in : 950.03 s	
find a better solution in: 950.04 s	
find a better solution in : 950.16 s	
find a better solution in: 950.17 s	
find a better solution in : 950.47 s	
find a better solution in: 950.52 s	
find a better solution in: 950.53 s	
find a better solution in: 950.70 s	
find a better solution in: 950.75 s	
find a better solution in: 950.76 s	
find a better solution in : 950.77 s	
find a better solution in : 950.77 s	
find a better solution in: 950.78 s	
find a better solution in : 950.79 s	
find a better solution in : 950.88 s	
find a better solution in: 950.88 s	
find a better solution in: 950.88 s	
find a better solution in: 950.98 s	
find a better solution in : 951.01 s	
find a better solution in: 951.03 s	
find a better solution in : 951.14 s	
find a better solution in: 951.21 s	
find a better solution in : 951.21 s	
find a better solution in: 951.22 s	
find a better solution in: 951.23 s	
find a better solution in: 951.28 s	
find a better solution in: 951.35 s	
find a better solution in: 951.40 s	
find a better solution in: 951.42 s	
find a better solution in: 951.65 s	
find a better solution in : 951.65 s	
find a better solution in: 951.66 s	
find a better solution in : 951.66 s	
find a better solution in : 951.69 s	
find a better solution in : 951.69 s	
find a better solution in: 951.73 s	
find a better solution in: 951.74 s	
find a better solution in: 951.99 s	
find a better solution in : 952.04 s	
find a better solution in: 952.15 s	
find a better solution in: 952.16 s	
find a better solution in: 952.28 s	
find a better solution in : 952.35 s	
find a better solution in : 952.35 s	
find a better solution in : 952.36 s	
find a better solution in : 952.36 s	
find a better solution in : 952.50 s	
find a better solution in: 952.52 s	
find a better solution in: 952.52 s	
find a better solution in : 952.75 s	
find a better solution in : 952.90 s	
find a better solution in: 952.91 s	
find a better solution in: 952.92 s	
find a better solution in: 953.08 s	
find a better solution in: 953.31 s	
find a better solution in: 953.69 s	
find a better solution in : 953.70 s	
find a better solution in: 953.96 s	
find a better solution in : 953.98 s	
find a better solution in: 954.43 s	
find a better solution in: 954.43 s	
find a better solution in : 954.62 s	
find a better solution in: 954.66 s	
find a better solution in: 954.73 s	
find a better solution in: 954.77 s	
find a better solution in: 954.79 s	
find a better solution in: 955.12 s	
find a better solution in : 955.13 s	
find a better solution in: 955.14 s	
find a better solution in: 955.15 s	
find a better solution in: 955.15 s	
find a better solution in : 1163.63 s	
find a better solution in: 1163.64 s	
find a better solution in : 1163.86 s	
find a better solution in : 1164.16 s	
find a better solution in : 1164.76 s	
find a better solution in : 1164.86 s	
find a better solution in : 1164.87 s	
find a better solution in: 1164.87 s	
find a better solution in: 1165.03 s	
find a better solution in: 1165.16 s	
find a better solution in : 1165.44 s	
find a better solution in: 1300.54 s	
find a better solution in : 1301.02 s	
find a better solution in: 1301.02 s	
find a better solution in : 1301.43 s	
find a better solution in: 1301.46 s	
find a better solution in : 1301.57 s	
find a better solution in: 1301.58 s	
find a better solution in: 1301.62 s	
find a better solution in : 1301.63 s	
find a better solution in : 1301.87 s	
find a better solution in: 1301.93 s	
find a better solution in: 1302.13 s	
find a better solution in : 1302.79 s	
find a better solution in: 1303.31 s	
find a better solution in: 1303.43 s	
find a better solution in: 1303.58 s	
find a better solution in: 1303.76 s	
find a better solution in: 1303.85 s	
find a better solution in : 1303.86 s	
find a better solution in : 1303.87 s	
find a better solution in: 1304.46 s	
find a better solution in: 1304.62 s	
find a better solution in : 1304.82 s	
find a better solution in: 1304.85 s	
find a better solution in: 1304.87 s	
find a better solution in: 1305.12 s	
find a better solution in: 1305.13 s	
find a better solution in : 1305.14 s	
find a better solution in: 1305.14 s	
find a better solution in : 1305.27 s	
find a better solution in : 1305.43 s	
find a better solution in : 1305.44 s	
find a better solution in : 1305.59 s	
find a better solution in : 1305.66 s	
find a better solution in : 1305.82 s	
find a better solution in: 1306.17 s	
find a better solution in: 1306.20 s	
find a better solution in: 1306.36 s	
find a better solution in: 1306.53 s	
find a better solution in: 1306.61 s	
find a better solution in: 1306.69 s	
find a better solution in : 1306.76 s	
find a better solution in: 1306.90 s	
find a better solution in: 1307.24 s	
find a better solution in: 1307.24 s	
find a better solution in: 1307.39 s	
find a better solution in: 1307.39 s	
find a better solution in: 1307.80 s	
find a better solution in : 1307.85 s	
find a better solution in : 1307.85 s	
find a better solution in : 1307.86 s	
find a better solution in: 1308.47 s	
find a better solution in: 1308.67 s	
find a better solution in : 1309.29 s	
find a better solution in: 1309.40 s	
find a better solution in: 1309.59 s	
find a better solution in: 1310.09 s	
find a better solution in : 1310.28 s	
find a better solution in : 1310.52 s	
find a better solution in: 1311.01 s	
find a better solution in: 1311.14 s	
find a better solution in: 1311.46 s	
find a better solution in : 1311.67 s	
find a better solution in : 1386.83 s	
find a better solution in : 1456.26 s	
find a better solution in : 1456.26 s	
find a better solution in: 1460.16 s	
find a better solution in : 1460.23 s	
find a better solution in: 1461.82 s	
find a better solution in: 1462.43 s	
find a better solution in: 1462.50 s	
find a better solution in: 1462.50 s	
find a better solution in : 1462.56 s	
2 generation time: 1462.91 s
*****************************t=2*****************************
find a better solution in: 1805.05 s	
find a better solution in : 1954.71 s	
find a better solution in: 1954.89 s	
find a better solution in: 1955.03 s	
find a better solution in: 1955.34 s	
find a better solution in: 1955.34 s	
find a better solution in: 1955.38 s	
find a better solution in: 1955.41 s	
find a better solution in: 1955.46 s	
find a better solution in: 1955.47 s	
find a better solution in : 1955.67 s	
find a better solution in : 1955.67 s	
find a better solution in: 1955.78 s	
find a better solution in: 1955.83 s	
find a better solution in: 1956.28 s	
find a better solution in: 1956.30 s	
find a better solution in: 1956.48 s	
find a better solution in: 1956.74 s	
find a better solution in: 1956.74 s	
find a better solution in: 1956.74 s	
find a better solution in : 1956.82 s	
find a better solution in : 1956.84 s	
find a better solution in : 1956.84 s	
find a better solution in: 1957.56 s	
find a better solution in: 1957.70 s	
find a better solution in: 1957.76 s	
find a better solution in: 1957.81 s	
find a better solution in: 1957.85 s	
find a better solution in : 1957.90 s	
find a better solution in: 1957.91 s	
find a better solution in: 1957.92 s	
find a better solution in : 1958.00 s	
find a better solution in: 1958.02 s	
find a better solution in : 1958.10 s	
find a better solution in: 1958.11 s	
find a better solution in: 1958.29 s	
find a better solution in: 1958.40 s	
find a better solution in: 1958.43 s	
find a better solution in: 1958.69 s	
find a better solution in : 1958.69 s	
find a better solution in: 1958.75 s	
find a better solution in: 1959.11 s	
find a better solution in: 1959.16 s	
find a better solution in: 1959.17 s	
find a better solution in: 1959.28 s	
find a better solution in: 1959.30 s	
find a better solution in : 1959.42 s	
find a better solution in: 1959.44 s	
find a better solution in: 1959.50 s	
find a better solution in : 1959.60 s	
find a better solution in : 1959.65 s	
find a better solution in: 1959.71 s	
find a better solution in : 1959.71 s	
find a better solution in : 1959.71 s	
find a better solution in : 1959.72 s	
find a better solution in: 1959.74 s	
find a better solution in: 1959.75 s	
find a better solution in: 1959.82 s	
find a better solution in : 1959.82 s	
find a better solution in : 1959.83 s	
find a better solution in : 1959.83 s	
find a better solution in: 1960.15 s	
find a better solution in : 1960.23 s	
find a better solution in: 1960.23 s	
find a better solution in : 1960.24 s	
find a better solution in: 1960.34 s	
find a better solution in: 1960.85 s	
find a better solution in: 1960.86 s	
find a better solution in: 1960.87 s	
find a better solution in : 1960.88 s	
find a better solution in: 1960.88 s	
find a better solution in: 1961.23 s	
find a better solution in : 1961.23 s	
find a better solution in: 1961.38 s	
find a better solution in: 1961.82 s	
find a better solution in: 1962.24 s	
find a better solution in : 1962.25 s	
find a better solution in: 1962.28 s	
find a better solution in : 1962.88 s	
find a better solution in: 1962.88 s	
find a better solution in : 1962.88 s	
find a better solution in : 1963.04 s	
find a better solution in : 1963.53 s	
find a better solution in: 1963.54 s	
find a better solution in: 1963.55 s	
find a better solution in: 1963.61 s	
find a better solution in: 1963.65 s	
find a better solution in: 1963.76 s	
find a better solution in : 1963.76 s	
find a better solution in: 1963.78 s	
find a better solution in : 1964.06 s	
find a better solution in : 1964.06 s	
find a better solution in : 1964.07 s	
find a better solution in: 1964.07 s	
find a better solution in: 1964.07 s	
find a better solution in : 1964.08 s	
find a better solution in: 1964.41 s	
find a better solution in: 1964.72 s	
find a better solution in: 1964.72 s	
find a better solution in : 1964.73 s	
find a better solution in : 1965.21 s	
find a better solution in : 1986.12 s	
find a better solution in: 1986.15 s	
find a better solution in : 1987.03 s	
find a better solution in: 1987.04 s	
find a better solution in: 1987.66 s	
find a better solution in : 1988.02 s	
find a better solution in: 1988.16 s	
find a better solution in: 1988.22 s	
find a better solution in: 1988.41 s	
find a better solution in: 1988.45 s	
find a better solution in: 1988.76 s	
find a better solution in: 1988.82 s	
find a better solution in: 1989.62 s	
find a better solution in: 1990.27 s	
find a better solution in : 1990.61 s	
find a better solution in: 1990.84 s	
find a better solution in : 1992.05 s	
find a better solution in : 1992.06 s	
find a better solution in: 1992.12 s	
find a better solution in : 1992.29 s	
find a better solution in: 1992.76 s	
find a better solution in : 1992.91 s	
find a better solution in : 1992.93 s	
find a better solution in: 1993.05 s	
find a better solution in: 1993.06 s	
find a better solution in: 1993.22 s	
find a better solution in : 1993.38 s	
find a better solution in: 1993.43 s	
find a better solution in: 1993.46 s	
find a better solution in : 1993.95 s	
find a better solution in : 1994.37 s	
find a better solution in : 1994.99 s	
3 generation time: 2036.18 s
*****************************t=3*****************************
find a better solution in: 2649.74 s	
find a better solution in: 2650.01 s	
4 generation time: 2734.87 s
*****************************t=4*****************************
5 generation time: 3315.12 s
*****************************t=5*****************************
find a better solution in: 3510.39 s	
find a better solution in : 3767.35 s	
6 generation time: 3985.10 s
[74361.00,8.00,129287.56],
computation energy ratio: 0.836609, idle energy ratio: 0.000861, sleep energy ratio: 0.030015
computation time ratio: 0.906591, idle time ratio: 0.002340, sleep time ratio: 0.088702
[75195.00,4.00,129486.70],
computation energy ratio: 0.835236, idle energy ratio: 0.000581, sleep energy ratio: 0.034153
computation time ratio: 0.896536, idle time ratio: 0.001563, sleep time ratio: 0.099481
[71706.00,9.00,127563.81],
computation energy ratio: 0.847864, idle energy ratio: 0.001111, sleep energy ratio: 0.017889
computation time ratio: 0.940158, idle time ratio: 0.003089, sleep time ratio: 0.054256
[70308.00,15.00,126728.97],
computation energy ratio: 0.853462, idle energy ratio: 0.000583, sleep energy ratio: 0.011949
computation time ratio: 0.958852, idle time ratio: 0.001643, sleep time ratio: 0.036873
[70216.00,162.00,125910.63],
computation energy ratio: 0.859073, idle energy ratio: 0.000175, sleep energy ratio: 0.012022
computation time ratio: 0.960109, idle time ratio: 0.000491, sleep time ratio: 0.036779
[69496.00,851.00,125605.70],
computation energy ratio: 0.861146, idle energy ratio: 0.000758, sleep energy ratio: 0.008198
computation time ratio: 0.970056, idle time ratio: 0.002140, sleep time ratio: 0.025156
[69607.00,650.00,125715.54],
computation energy ratio: 0.860393, idle energy ratio: 0.000266, sleep energy ratio: 0.009142
computation time ratio: 0.968509, idle time ratio: 0.000751, sleep time ratio: 0.028111
[70172.00,214.00,125948.32],
computation energy ratio: 0.858790, idle energy ratio: 0.000460, sleep energy ratio: 0.011608
computation time ratio: 0.960711, idle time ratio: 0.001290, sleep time ratio: 0.035377
[69359.00,1127.00,125575.96],
computation energy ratio: 0.861350, idle energy ratio: 0.000409, sleep energy ratio: 0.007873
computation time ratio: 0.971972, idle time ratio: 0.001157, sleep time ratio: 0.024218
[70024.00,323.00,126012.72],
computation energy ratio: 0.858364, idle energy ratio: 0.000460, sleep energy ratio: 0.010897
computation time ratio: 0.962741, idle time ratio: 0.001292, sleep time ratio: 0.033339
[69436.00,915.00,125684.90],
computation energy ratio: 0.860603, idle energy ratio: 0.000605, sleep energy ratio: 0.008049
computation time ratio: 0.970894, idle time ratio: 0.001710, sleep time ratio: 0.024746
[69427.00,1085.00,125657.65],
computation energy ratio: 0.860802, idle energy ratio: 0.000312, sleep energy ratio: 0.008261
computation time ratio: 0.971020, idle time ratio: 0.000882, sleep time ratio: 0.025448
[70286.00,37.00,126863.26],
computation energy ratio: 0.852559, idle energy ratio: 0.000569, sleep energy ratio: 0.011845
computation time ratio: 0.959153, idle time ratio: 0.001604, sleep time ratio: 0.036611
[70305.00,32.00,126685.46],
computation energy ratio: 0.853755, idle energy ratio: 0.000570, sleep energy ratio: 0.011952
computation time ratio: 0.958893, idle time ratio: 0.001604, sleep time ratio: 0.036871
[83354.00,3.00,135148.33],
computation energy ratio: 0.800306, idle energy ratio: 0.001258, sleep energy ratio: 0.067933
computation time ratio: 0.808779, idle time ratio: 0.003188, sleep time ratio: 0.185885
AVERAGE: computation energy ratio: 0.850688, idle energy ratio: 0.000599, sleep energy ratio: 0.017452
AVERAGE: computation time ratio: 0.944332, idle time ratio: 0.001650, sleep time ratio: 0.051457
x=[74361.00 75195.00 71706.00 70308.00 70216.00 69496.00 69607.00 70172.00 69359.00 70024.00 69436.00 69427.00 70286.00 70305.00 83354.00 ];
y=[8.00 4.00 9.00 15.00 162.00 851.00 650.00 214.00 1127.00 323.00 915.00 1085.00 37.00 32.00 3.00 ];
z=[129287.56 129486.70 127563.81 126728.97 125910.63 125605.70 125715.54 125948.32 125575.96 126012.72 125684.90 125657.65 126863.26 126685.46 135148.33 ];
tot = 30
total time: 3985.14 s
