m = 4 n = 14
pop = 30 gen = 400
init...begin
init...done
*****************************t=0*****************************
find a better solution in: 0.01 s	
find a better solution in : 0.01 s	
find a better solution in: 0.01 s	
find a better solution in: 0.01 s	
find a better solution in : 0.01 s	
find a better solution in: 0.01 s	
find a better solution in: 0.01 s	
find a better solution in : 0.01 s	
find a better solution in: 0.01 s	
find a better solution in : 0.02 s	
find a better solution in: 0.02 s	
find a better solution in : 0.02 s	
find a better solution in : 0.02 s	
find a better solution in: 0.02 s	
find a better solution in: 0.02 s	
find a better solution in: 0.02 s	
find a better solution in: 0.02 s	
find a better solution in: 0.02 s	
find a better solution in : 0.03 s	
find a better solution in : 0.03 s	
find a better solution in : 0.03 s	
find a better solution in: 0.03 s	
find a better solution in: 0.03 s	
find a better solution in : 0.04 s	
find a better solution in : 0.04 s	
find a better solution in : 0.07 s	
find a better solution in: 0.07 s	
find a better solution in: 0.07 s	
find a better solution in: 0.09 s	
find a better solution in: 0.12 s	
find a better solution in : 0.13 s	
find a better solution in : 0.13 s	
find a better solution in : 0.13 s	
find a better solution in: 0.13 s	
find a better solution in: 0.13 s	
find a better solution in: 0.14 s	
find a better solution in : 0.14 s	
find a better solution in : 0.15 s	
find a better solution in: 0.15 s	
find a better solution in : 0.15 s	
find a better solution in : 0.15 s	
find a better solution in: 0.15 s	
find a better solution in: 0.15 s	
find a better solution in : 0.16 s	
find a better solution in : 0.16 s	
find a better solution in : 0.16 s	
find a better solution in: 0.16 s	
find a better solution in: 0.17 s	
find a better solution in: 0.17 s	
find a better solution in: 0.17 s	
find a better solution in: 0.17 s	
find a better solution in: 0.17 s	
find a better solution in : 0.19 s	
find a better solution in : 0.19 s	
find a better solution in : 0.19 s	
find a better solution in : 0.19 s	
find a better solution in : 0.21 s	
find a better solution in : 0.21 s	
find a better solution in: 0.22 s	
find a better solution in : 0.23 s	
find a better solution in : 0.23 s	
find a better solution in: 0.24 s	
find a better solution in : 0.25 s	
find a better solution in: 0.25 s	
find a better solution in : 0.27 s	
find a better solution in : 0.27 s	
find a better solution in: 0.28 s	
find a better solution in: 0.29 s	
find a better solution in: 0.30 s	
find a better solution in: 0.30 s	
find a better solution in: 0.30 s	
find a better solution in: 0.30 s	
find a better solution in : 0.30 s	
find a better solution in : 0.31 s	
find a better solution in: 0.31 s	
find a better solution in : 0.31 s	
find a better solution in: 0.31 s	
find a better solution in : 0.31 s	
find a better solution in: 0.31 s	
find a better solution in : 0.32 s	
find a better solution in : 0.33 s	
find a better solution in: 0.33 s	
find a better solution in: 0.33 s	
find a better solution in: 0.34 s	
find a better solution in: 0.36 s	
find a better solution in : 0.36 s	
find a better solution in : 0.36 s	
find a better solution in : 0.36 s	
find a better solution in: 0.36 s	
find a better solution in: 0.36 s	
find a better solution in: 0.36 s	
find a better solution in : 0.36 s	
find a better solution in : 0.37 s	
find a better solution in: 0.37 s	
find a better solution in: 0.37 s	
find a better solution in: 0.37 s	
find a better solution in : 0.38 s	
find a better solution in : 0.38 s	
find a better solution in : 0.38 s	
find a better solution in : 0.38 s	
find a better solution in : 0.40 s	
find a better solution in: 0.40 s	
find a better solution in: 0.41 s	
find a better solution in : 0.41 s	
find a better solution in : 0.41 s	
find a better solution in : 0.41 s	
find a better solution in : 0.47 s	
find a better solution in : 0.47 s	
find a better solution in: 0.47 s	
find a better solution in: 0.47 s	
find a better solution in: 0.48 s	
find a better solution in : 0.48 s	
find a better solution in : 0.48 s	
find a better solution in: 0.48 s	
find a better solution in: 0.48 s	
find a better solution in : 0.50 s	
find a better solution in: 0.55 s	
find a better solution in: 0.56 s	
find a better solution in: 0.56 s	
find a better solution in : 0.58 s	
find a better solution in : 0.58 s	
find a better solution in: 0.68 s	
find a better solution in: 0.68 s	
find a better solution in : 0.69 s	
find a better solution in: 0.74 s	
find a better solution in : 0.74 s	
find a better solution in : 0.74 s	
find a better solution in : 0.75 s	
find a better solution in : 0.75 s	
find a better solution in : 0.81 s	
find a better solution in : 0.87 s	
1 generation time: 0.90 s
*****************************t=1*****************************
find a better solution in : 0.91 s	
find a better solution in: 0.92 s	
find a better solution in : 0.93 s	
find a better solution in : 0.96 s	
find a better solution in: 0.97 s	
find a better solution in: 1.03 s	
find a better solution in : 1.04 s	
find a better solution in: 1.04 s	
find a better solution in: 1.04 s	
find a better solution in: 1.04 s	
find a better solution in : 1.05 s	
find a better solution in : 1.05 s	
find a better solution in: 1.05 s	
find a better solution in : 1.10 s	
find a better solution in: 1.10 s	
find a better solution in: 1.10 s	
find a better solution in : 1.10 s	
find a better solution in : 1.12 s	
find a better solution in : 1.19 s	
find a better solution in : 1.19 s	
find a better solution in : 1.19 s	
find a better solution in: 1.20 s	
find a better solution in : 1.20 s	
find a better solution in : 1.20 s	
find a better solution in: 1.20 s	
find a better solution in: 1.21 s	
find a better solution in : 1.28 s	
find a better solution in: 1.30 s	
find a better solution in: 1.34 s	
find a better solution in: 1.35 s	
find a better solution in: 1.44 s	
find a better solution in : 1.44 s	
find a better solution in : 1.44 s	
find a better solution in : 1.45 s	
find a better solution in : 1.47 s	
2 generation time: 1.69 s
*****************************t=2*****************************
find a better solution in : 1.76 s	
find a better solution in : 1.79 s	
find a better solution in: 1.81 s	
find a better solution in : 1.85 s	
find a better solution in: 1.85 s	
find a better solution in: 1.85 s	
find a better solution in : 2.04 s	
find a better solution in: 2.04 s	
find a better solution in : 2.04 s	
find a better solution in: 2.04 s	
find a better solution in: 2.05 s	
find a better solution in: 2.05 s	
find a better solution in : 2.05 s	
find a better solution in: 2.05 s	
find a better solution in: 2.06 s	
find a better solution in: 2.06 s	
find a better solution in: 2.31 s	
find a better solution in : 2.31 s	
find a better solution in: 2.36 s	
find a better solution in: 2.36 s	
find a better solution in : 2.37 s	
find a better solution in : 2.37 s	
3 generation time: 2.49 s
*****************************t=3*****************************
find a better solution in : 2.70 s	
find a better solution in : 2.71 s	
find a better solution in : 2.87 s	
find a better solution in : 2.87 s	
find a better solution in: 2.88 s	
find a better solution in : 2.93 s	
find a better solution in : 3.00 s	
find a better solution in: 3.02 s	
4 generation time: 3.29 s
*****************************t=4*****************************
find a better solution in : 3.33 s	
find a better solution in: 3.33 s	
find a better solution in: 3.34 s	
find a better solution in: 3.34 s	
find a better solution in: 3.35 s	
find a better solution in: 3.35 s	
find a better solution in: 3.35 s	
find a better solution in : 3.46 s	
find a better solution in : 3.46 s	
find a better solution in : 3.46 s	
find a better solution in: 3.47 s	
find a better solution in : 3.48 s	
find a better solution in : 3.52 s	
find a better solution in : 3.55 s	
find a better solution in : 3.57 s	
find a better solution in: 3.70 s	
find a better solution in : 3.70 s	
find a better solution in : 3.70 s	
find a better solution in: 3.71 s	
find a better solution in: 3.71 s	
find a better solution in: 3.71 s	
find a better solution in : 3.71 s	
find a better solution in: 3.71 s	
find a better solution in: 3.71 s	
find a better solution in: 3.72 s	
find a better solution in: 3.72 s	
find a better solution in: 3.72 s	
find a better solution in: 3.72 s	
find a better solution in: 3.72 s	
find a better solution in: 3.72 s	
find a better solution in: 3.77 s	
find a better solution in: 3.77 s	
find a better solution in : 3.77 s	
find a better solution in: 3.77 s	
find a better solution in: 3.78 s	
find a better solution in: 3.78 s	
find a better solution in: 3.78 s	
find a better solution in : 3.78 s	
find a better solution in: 3.79 s	
find a better solution in: 3.79 s	
find a better solution in : 4.12 s	
5 generation time: 4.15 s
*****************************t=5*****************************
find a better solution in: 4.25 s	
find a better solution in : 4.26 s	
find a better solution in: 4.28 s	
find a better solution in : 4.34 s	
find a better solution in : 4.52 s	
find a better solution in : 4.68 s	
find a better solution in : 4.81 s	
find a better solution in : 4.81 s	
find a better solution in: 4.81 s	
find a better solution in: 4.90 s	
find a better solution in: 4.90 s	
find a better solution in: 4.90 s	
find a better solution in : 4.91 s	
6 generation time: 5.05 s
*****************************t=6*****************************
find a better solution in: 5.07 s	
find a better solution in: 5.08 s	
find a better solution in : 5.16 s	
find a better solution in: 5.16 s	
find a better solution in : 5.17 s	
find a better solution in: 5.17 s	
find a better solution in : 5.47 s	
find a better solution in: 5.48 s	
find a better solution in: 5.48 s	
find a better solution in : 5.49 s	
find a better solution in : 5.49 s	
7 generation time: 5.90 s
*****************************t=7*****************************
find a better solution in : 5.93 s	
find a better solution in : 5.93 s	
find a better solution in: 5.94 s	
find a better solution in : 5.94 s	
find a better solution in : 6.00 s	
find a better solution in: 6.00 s	
find a better solution in: 6.01 s	
find a better solution in: 6.01 s	
find a better solution in: 6.01 s	
find a better solution in : 6.08 s	
find a better solution in : 6.59 s	
find a better solution in: 6.61 s	
find a better solution in : 6.64 s	
find a better solution in: 6.65 s	
8 generation time: 6.78 s
*****************************t=8*****************************
find a better solution in : 6.81 s	
find a better solution in : 7.03 s	
find a better solution in : 7.04 s	
find a better solution in : 7.05 s	
find a better solution in : 7.06 s	
find a better solution in: 7.17 s	
find a better solution in: 7.29 s	
find a better solution in: 7.29 s	
find a better solution in: 7.29 s	
find a better solution in : 7.29 s	
find a better solution in : 7.29 s	
find a better solution in: 7.29 s	
find a better solution in: 7.30 s	
find a better solution in: 7.30 s	
find a better solution in: 7.30 s	
find a better solution in: 7.40 s	
find a better solution in: 7.40 s	
find a better solution in : 7.45 s	
find a better solution in: 7.45 s	
find a better solution in : 7.49 s	
find a better solution in: 7.50 s	
9 generation time: 7.64 s
*****************************t=9*****************************
find a better solution in : 7.70 s	
10 generation time: 8.40 s
*****************************t=10*****************************
find a better solution in : 8.55 s	
find a better solution in: 8.55 s	
find a better solution in: 8.56 s	
11 generation time: 9.23 s
*****************************t=11*****************************
find a better solution in : 9.39 s	
12 generation time: 10.07 s
*****************************t=12*****************************
find a better solution in : 10.32 s	
find a better solution in : 10.63 s	
find a better solution in: 10.70 s	
find a better solution in: 10.71 s	
find a better solution in: 10.72 s	
13 generation time: 10.83 s
*****************************t=13*****************************
find a better solution in : 10.86 s	
find a better solution in: 10.89 s	
find a better solution in: 10.89 s	
find a better solution in : 11.10 s	
find a better solution in: 11.10 s	
find a better solution in: 11.11 s	
find a better solution in: 11.11 s	
find a better solution in : 11.14 s	
find a better solution in: 11.14 s	
find a better solution in: 11.14 s	
find a better solution in: 11.26 s	
find a better solution in: 11.27 s	
find a better solution in: 11.27 s	
find a better solution in: 11.28 s	
14 generation time: 11.62 s
*****************************t=14*****************************
find a better solution in : 12.08 s	
15 generation time: 12.46 s
*****************************t=15*****************************
find a better solution in: 12.80 s	
find a better solution in : 13.08 s	
find a better solution in: 13.08 s	
find a better solution in: 13.08 s	
find a better solution in: 13.08 s	
find a better solution in : 13.08 s	
16 generation time: 13.23 s
*****************************t=16*****************************
find a better solution in: 13.44 s	
find a better solution in: 13.76 s	
17 generation time: 13.99 s
*****************************t=17*****************************
find a better solution in: 14.73 s	
18 generation time: 14.85 s
*****************************t=18*****************************
find a better solution in : 15.14 s	
19 generation time: 15.63 s
*****************************t=19*****************************
find a better solution in: 15.65 s	
find a better solution in: 15.66 s	
find a better solution in : 16.06 s	
find a better solution in : 16.07 s	
find a better solution in : 16.22 s	
20 generation time: 16.38 s
*****************************t=20*****************************
find a better solution in : 16.86 s	
find a better solution in: 16.87 s	
21 generation time: 17.27 s
*****************************t=21*****************************
find a better solution in : 17.31 s	
find a better solution in: 17.52 s	
find a better solution in : 17.59 s	
find a better solution in: 17.84 s	
22 generation time: 18.15 s
*****************************t=22*****************************
find a better solution in: 18.44 s	
find a better solution in : 18.71 s	
23 generation time: 18.90 s
*****************************t=23*****************************
find a better solution in: 18.91 s	
find a better solution in: 18.91 s	
find a better solution in: 18.92 s	
find a better solution in : 19.05 s	
find a better solution in : 19.05 s	
find a better solution in: 19.06 s	
find a better solution in : 19.06 s	
find a better solution in: 19.06 s	
24 generation time: 19.76 s
*****************************t=24*****************************
find a better solution in : 20.11 s	
find a better solution in : 20.34 s	
25 generation time: 20.67 s
*****************************t=25*****************************
find a better solution in : 21.04 s	
find a better solution in: 21.04 s	
find a better solution in: 21.04 s	
26 generation time: 21.37 s
*****************************t=26*****************************
27 generation time: 22.12 s
*****************************t=27*****************************
28 generation time: 22.93 s
*****************************t=28*****************************
find a better solution in: 23.07 s	
29 generation time: 23.74 s
*****************************t=29*****************************
find a better solution in : 23.95 s	
find a better solution in: 23.95 s	
find a better solution in: 23.95 s	
find a better solution in: 23.95 s	
find a better solution in : 23.95 s	
30 generation time: 24.52 s
*****************************t=30*****************************
find a better solution in: 25.07 s	
31 generation time: 25.31 s
*****************************t=31*****************************
find a better solution in : 25.59 s	
find a better solution in : 25.65 s	
find a better solution in: 25.65 s	
32 generation time: 26.08 s
*****************************t=32*****************************
33 generation time: 26.99 s
*****************************t=33*****************************
34 generation time: 27.80 s
*****************************t=34*****************************
find a better solution in : 28.34 s	
find a better solution in: 28.34 s	
35 generation time: 28.54 s
*****************************t=35*****************************
36 generation time: 29.34 s
*****************************t=36*****************************
find a better solution in : 29.40 s	
37 generation time: 30.17 s
*****************************t=37*****************************
38 generation time: 30.99 s
*****************************t=38*****************************
find a better solution in : 31.15 s	
39 generation time: 31.77 s
*****************************t=39*****************************
find a better solution in: 32.21 s	
40 generation time: 32.46 s
*****************************t=40*****************************
find a better solution in : 32.74 s	
find a better solution in: 32.74 s	
find a better solution in: 32.75 s	
41 generation time: 33.32 s
*****************************t=41*****************************
42 generation time: 34.14 s
*****************************t=42*****************************
find a better solution in : 34.35 s	
find a better solution in: 34.35 s	
find a better solution in : 34.86 s	
43 generation time: 34.89 s
*****************************t=43*****************************
44 generation time: 35.70 s
*****************************t=44*****************************
45 generation time: 36.54 s
*****************************t=45*****************************
46 generation time: 37.43 s
*****************************t=46*****************************
find a better solution in : 37.78 s	
47 generation time: 38.23 s
*****************************t=47*****************************
find a better solution in: 38.39 s	
find a better solution in : 38.51 s	
48 generation time: 38.91 s
*****************************t=48*****************************
find a better solution in : 39.27 s	
49 generation time: 39.73 s
*****************************t=49*****************************
find a better solution in : 39.98 s	
find a better solution in : 39.98 s	
find a better solution in: 40.29 s	
find a better solution in: 40.30 s	
50 generation time: 40.46 s
*****************************t=50*****************************
find a better solution in: 40.69 s	
51 generation time: 41.19 s
*****************************t=51*****************************
find a better solution in : 41.21 s	
find a better solution in : 41.22 s	
52 generation time: 41.95 s
*****************************t=52*****************************
find a better solution in: 42.50 s	
find a better solution in: 42.50 s	
find a better solution in : 42.51 s	
53 generation time: 42.69 s
*****************************t=53*****************************
find a better solution in : 42.69 s	
find a better solution in: 42.70 s	
54 generation time: 43.45 s
*****************************t=54*****************************
find a better solution in : 43.92 s	
find a better solution in: 43.92 s	
find a better solution in : 44.03 s	
55 generation time: 44.18 s
*****************************t=55*****************************
find a better solution in : 44.65 s	
find a better solution in: 44.65 s	
56 generation time: 44.89 s
*****************************t=56*****************************
find a better solution in : 45.00 s	
find a better solution in: 45.00 s	
find a better solution in : 45.50 s	
57 generation time: 45.66 s
*****************************t=57*****************************
58 generation time: 46.43 s
*****************************t=58*****************************
59 generation time: 47.32 s
*****************************t=59*****************************
60 generation time: 48.13 s
*****************************t=60*****************************
find a better solution in : 48.33 s	
find a better solution in: 48.71 s	
61 generation time: 48.89 s
*****************************t=61*****************************
62 generation time: 49.73 s
*****************************t=62*****************************
63 generation time: 50.61 s
*****************************t=63*****************************
64 generation time: 51.38 s
*****************************t=64*****************************
find a better solution in : 51.84 s	
65 generation time: 52.16 s
*****************************t=65*****************************
66 generation time: 52.96 s
*****************************t=66*****************************
67 generation time: 53.65 s
*****************************t=67*****************************
68 generation time: 54.47 s
*****************************t=68*****************************
find a better solution in: 54.68 s	
69 generation time: 55.20 s
*****************************t=69*****************************
70 generation time: 55.90 s
*****************************t=70*****************************
71 generation time: 56.77 s
*****************************t=71*****************************
72 generation time: 57.51 s
*****************************t=72*****************************
find a better solution in : 58.27 s	
73 generation time: 58.30 s
*****************************t=73*****************************
74 generation time: 59.01 s
*****************************t=74*****************************
75 generation time: 59.87 s
*****************************t=75*****************************
76 generation time: 60.63 s
*****************************t=76*****************************
77 generation time: 61.33 s
*****************************t=77*****************************
find a better solution in : 61.70 s	
find a better solution in: 61.70 s	
find a better solution in: 61.71 s	
find a better solution in: 61.71 s	
78 generation time: 62.09 s
*****************************t=78*****************************
find a better solution in : 62.10 s	
find a better solution in: 62.14 s	
find a better solution in: 62.15 s	
find a better solution in: 62.81 s	
79 generation time: 62.83 s
*****************************t=79*****************************
find a better solution in : 63.53 s	
80 generation time: 63.56 s
*****************************t=80*****************************
find a better solution in: 63.95 s	
81 generation time: 64.32 s
*****************************t=81*****************************
82 generation time: 65.08 s
*****************************t=82*****************************
find a better solution in: 65.27 s	
find a better solution in: 65.27 s	
83 generation time: 65.83 s
*****************************t=83*****************************
84 generation time: 66.80 s
*****************************t=84*****************************
85 generation time: 67.68 s
*****************************t=85*****************************
86 generation time: 68.54 s
*****************************t=86*****************************
87 generation time: 69.30 s
*****************************t=87*****************************
88 generation time: 70.12 s
*****************************t=88*****************************
89 generation time: 70.88 s
*****************************t=89*****************************
find a better solution in: 71.14 s	
90 generation time: 71.60 s
*****************************t=90*****************************
91 generation time: 72.33 s
*****************************t=91*****************************
find a better solution in: 72.83 s	
92 generation time: 73.07 s
*****************************t=92*****************************
93 generation time: 73.75 s
*****************************t=93*****************************
94 generation time: 74.53 s
*****************************t=94*****************************
find a better solution in : 74.63 s	
find a better solution in: 74.64 s	
find a better solution in: 74.67 s	
find a better solution in : 74.67 s	
find a better solution in: 74.68 s	
find a better solution in: 74.80 s	
95 generation time: 75.30 s
*****************************t=95*****************************
96 generation time: 76.06 s
*****************************t=96*****************************
97 generation time: 76.97 s
*****************************t=97*****************************
98 generation time: 77.78 s
*****************************t=98*****************************
99 generation time: 78.67 s
*****************************t=99*****************************
find a better solution in : 79.31 s	
100 generation time: 79.47 s
*****************************t=100*****************************
101 generation time: 80.25 s
*****************************t=101*****************************
102 generation time: 80.97 s
*****************************t=102*****************************
find a better solution in : 81.19 s	
103 generation time: 81.69 s
*****************************t=103*****************************
104 generation time: 82.56 s
*****************************t=104*****************************
105 generation time: 83.33 s
*****************************t=105*****************************
106 generation time: 84.08 s
*****************************t=106*****************************
find a better solution in : 84.52 s	
107 generation time: 84.89 s
*****************************t=107*****************************
find a better solution in: 85.40 s	
find a better solution in: 85.40 s	
find a better solution in : 85.52 s	
find a better solution in: 85.52 s	
find a better solution in : 85.53 s	
108 generation time: 85.76 s
*****************************t=108*****************************
109 generation time: 86.53 s
*****************************t=109*****************************
110 generation time: 87.35 s
*****************************t=110*****************************
111 generation time: 88.15 s
*****************************t=111*****************************
112 generation time: 88.95 s
*****************************t=112*****************************
113 generation time: 89.79 s
*****************************t=113*****************************
114 generation time: 90.49 s
*****************************t=114*****************************
115 generation time: 91.18 s
*****************************t=115*****************************
116 generation time: 91.93 s
*****************************t=116*****************************
find a better solution in: 92.02 s	
117 generation time: 92.65 s
*****************************t=117*****************************
118 generation time: 93.42 s
*****************************t=118*****************************
119 generation time: 94.15 s
*****************************t=119*****************************
120 generation time: 94.92 s
*****************************t=120*****************************
121 generation time: 95.68 s
*****************************t=121*****************************
122 generation time: 96.55 s
*****************************t=122*****************************
123 generation time: 97.33 s
*****************************t=123*****************************
124 generation time: 98.08 s
*****************************t=124*****************************
125 generation time: 98.84 s
*****************************t=125*****************************
126 generation time: 99.58 s
*****************************t=126*****************************
127 generation time: 100.36 s
*****************************t=127*****************************
128 generation time: 101.09 s
*****************************t=128*****************************
find a better solution in : 101.51 s	
129 generation time: 101.86 s
*****************************t=129*****************************
130 generation time: 102.59 s
*****************************t=130*****************************
find a better solution in: 103.05 s	
131 generation time: 103.33 s
*****************************t=131*****************************
find a better solution in : 103.61 s	
132 generation time: 103.97 s
*****************************t=132*****************************
133 generation time: 104.69 s
*****************************t=133*****************************
134 generation time: 105.42 s
*****************************t=134*****************************
find a better solution in : 105.62 s	
135 generation time: 106.15 s
*****************************t=135*****************************
136 generation time: 107.02 s
*****************************t=136*****************************
137 generation time: 107.76 s
*****************************t=137*****************************
138 generation time: 108.42 s
*****************************t=138*****************************
139 generation time: 109.26 s
*****************************t=139*****************************
140 generation time: 110.04 s
*****************************t=140*****************************
find a better solution in: 110.77 s	
141 generation time: 110.80 s
*****************************t=141*****************************
142 generation time: 111.54 s
*****************************t=142*****************************
find a better solution in: 112.05 s	
find a better solution in: 112.14 s	
143 generation time: 112.36 s
*****************************t=143*****************************
find a better solution in : 112.42 s	
find a better solution in: 113.12 s	
144 generation time: 113.15 s
*****************************t=144*****************************
145 generation time: 113.94 s
*****************************t=145*****************************
146 generation time: 114.73 s
*****************************t=146*****************************
find a better solution in: 115.09 s	
147 generation time: 115.42 s
*****************************t=147*****************************
148 generation time: 116.15 s
*****************************t=148*****************************
149 generation time: 117.01 s
*****************************t=149*****************************
150 generation time: 117.77 s
*****************************t=150*****************************
151 generation time: 118.55 s
*****************************t=151*****************************
152 generation time: 119.29 s
*****************************t=152*****************************
153 generation time: 120.14 s
*****************************t=153*****************************
find a better solution in : 120.72 s	
154 generation time: 120.92 s
*****************************t=154*****************************
155 generation time: 121.63 s
*****************************t=155*****************************
156 generation time: 122.38 s
*****************************t=156*****************************
157 generation time: 123.11 s
*****************************t=157*****************************
158 generation time: 123.85 s
*****************************t=158*****************************
find a better solution in : 124.26 s	
159 generation time: 124.61 s
*****************************t=159*****************************
160 generation time: 125.41 s
*****************************t=160*****************************
161 generation time: 126.22 s
*****************************t=161*****************************
162 generation time: 127.02 s
*****************************t=162*****************************
find a better solution in: 127.35 s	
find a better solution in: 127.36 s	
163 generation time: 127.81 s
*****************************t=163*****************************
164 generation time: 128.60 s
*****************************t=164*****************************
165 generation time: 129.35 s
*****************************t=165*****************************
166 generation time: 130.22 s
*****************************t=166*****************************
167 generation time: 131.04 s
*****************************t=167*****************************
168 generation time: 131.82 s
*****************************t=168*****************************
find a better solution in : 132.05 s	
169 generation time: 132.54 s
*****************************t=169*****************************
170 generation time: 133.29 s
*****************************t=170*****************************
171 generation time: 134.06 s
*****************************t=171*****************************
172 generation time: 134.92 s
*****************************t=172*****************************
173 generation time: 135.63 s
*****************************t=173*****************************
174 generation time: 136.34 s
*****************************t=174*****************************
175 generation time: 137.24 s
*****************************t=175*****************************
176 generation time: 137.94 s
*****************************t=176*****************************
177 generation time: 138.71 s
*****************************t=177*****************************
178 generation time: 139.46 s
*****************************t=178*****************************
179 generation time: 140.35 s
*****************************t=179*****************************
180 generation time: 141.13 s
*****************************t=180*****************************
181 generation time: 141.93 s
*****************************t=181*****************************
182 generation time: 142.62 s
*****************************t=182*****************************
find a better solution in : 142.69 s	
183 generation time: 143.41 s
*****************************t=183*****************************
find a better solution in: 143.70 s	
184 generation time: 144.14 s
*****************************t=184*****************************
185 generation time: 144.88 s
*****************************t=185*****************************
186 generation time: 145.58 s
*****************************t=186*****************************
find a better solution in : 146.19 s	
187 generation time: 146.32 s
*****************************t=187*****************************
188 generation time: 147.28 s
*****************************t=188*****************************
189 generation time: 148.05 s
*****************************t=189*****************************
190 generation time: 148.78 s
*****************************t=190*****************************
191 generation time: 149.53 s
*****************************t=191*****************************
192 generation time: 150.37 s
*****************************t=192*****************************
193 generation time: 151.08 s
*****************************t=193*****************************
194 generation time: 151.82 s
*****************************t=194*****************************
195 generation time: 152.62 s
*****************************t=195*****************************
find a better solution in: 153.17 s	
196 generation time: 153.40 s
*****************************t=196*****************************
find a better solution in: 154.07 s	
197 generation time: 154.22 s
*****************************t=197*****************************
find a better solution in : 154.69 s	
find a better solution in : 154.88 s	
198 generation time: 154.91 s
*****************************t=198*****************************
199 generation time: 155.65 s
*****************************t=199*****************************
find a better solution in: 155.74 s	
200 generation time: 156.31 s
*****************************t=200*****************************
201 generation time: 157.19 s
*****************************t=201*****************************
202 generation time: 157.93 s
*****************************t=202*****************************
find a better solution in : 158.14 s	
203 generation time: 158.69 s
*****************************t=203*****************************
204 generation time: 159.45 s
*****************************t=204*****************************
205 generation time: 160.24 s
*****************************t=205*****************************
206 generation time: 160.99 s
*****************************t=206*****************************
207 generation time: 161.73 s
*****************************t=207*****************************
208 generation time: 162.47 s
*****************************t=208*****************************
209 generation time: 163.21 s
*****************************t=209*****************************
210 generation time: 163.99 s
*****************************t=210*****************************
211 generation time: 164.71 s
*****************************t=211*****************************
212 generation time: 165.38 s
*****************************t=212*****************************
find a better solution in : 166.12 s	
213 generation time: 166.15 s
*****************************t=213*****************************
214 generation time: 166.99 s
*****************************t=214*****************************
215 generation time: 167.80 s
*****************************t=215*****************************
216 generation time: 168.54 s
*****************************t=216*****************************
217 generation time: 169.32 s
*****************************t=217*****************************
218 generation time: 170.11 s
*****************************t=218*****************************
219 generation time: 170.84 s
*****************************t=219*****************************
220 generation time: 171.51 s
*****************************t=220*****************************
221 generation time: 172.25 s
*****************************t=221*****************************
222 generation time: 173.06 s
*****************************t=222*****************************
223 generation time: 173.75 s
*****************************t=223*****************************
224 generation time: 174.49 s
*****************************t=224*****************************
225 generation time: 175.34 s
*****************************t=225*****************************
226 generation time: 176.13 s
*****************************t=226*****************************
227 generation time: 177.05 s
*****************************t=227*****************************
228 generation time: 177.79 s
*****************************t=228*****************************
229 generation time: 178.54 s
*****************************t=229*****************************
230 generation time: 179.49 s
*****************************t=230*****************************
231 generation time: 180.33 s
*****************************t=231*****************************
find a better solution in : 180.47 s	
232 generation time: 181.11 s
*****************************t=232*****************************
233 generation time: 181.87 s
*****************************t=233*****************************
find a better solution in: 182.33 s	
find a better solution in: 182.34 s	
234 generation time: 182.60 s
*****************************t=234*****************************
235 generation time: 183.40 s
*****************************t=235*****************************
236 generation time: 184.20 s
*****************************t=236*****************************
237 generation time: 184.93 s
*****************************t=237*****************************
238 generation time: 185.64 s
*****************************t=238*****************************
find a better solution in : 186.04 s	
239 generation time: 186.42 s
*****************************t=239*****************************
240 generation time: 187.31 s
*****************************t=240*****************************
241 generation time: 188.03 s
*****************************t=241*****************************
242 generation time: 188.84 s
*****************************t=242*****************************
243 generation time: 189.70 s
*****************************t=243*****************************
244 generation time: 190.45 s
*****************************t=244*****************************
245 generation time: 191.25 s
*****************************t=245*****************************
246 generation time: 192.04 s
*****************************t=246*****************************
247 generation time: 192.73 s
*****************************t=247*****************************
248 generation time: 193.46 s
*****************************t=248*****************************
249 generation time: 194.20 s
*****************************t=249*****************************
250 generation time: 195.03 s
*****************************t=250*****************************
251 generation time: 195.76 s
*****************************t=251*****************************
252 generation time: 196.54 s
*****************************t=252*****************************
253 generation time: 197.35 s
*****************************t=253*****************************
254 generation time: 198.03 s
*****************************t=254*****************************
255 generation time: 198.80 s
*****************************t=255*****************************
256 generation time: 199.58 s
*****************************t=256*****************************
find a better solution in: 200.31 s	
257 generation time: 200.34 s
*****************************t=257*****************************
258 generation time: 201.16 s
*****************************t=258*****************************
259 generation time: 201.87 s
*****************************t=259*****************************
260 generation time: 202.62 s
*****************************t=260*****************************
261 generation time: 203.27 s
*****************************t=261*****************************
262 generation time: 204.10 s
*****************************t=262*****************************
263 generation time: 204.79 s
*****************************t=263*****************************
264 generation time: 205.53 s
*****************************t=264*****************************
265 generation time: 206.15 s
*****************************t=265*****************************
266 generation time: 206.94 s
*****************************t=266*****************************
267 generation time: 207.76 s
*****************************t=267*****************************
268 generation time: 208.57 s
*****************************t=268*****************************
269 generation time: 209.26 s
*****************************t=269*****************************
270 generation time: 210.13 s
*****************************t=270*****************************
find a better solution in : 210.36 s	
271 generation time: 210.83 s
*****************************t=271*****************************
272 generation time: 211.64 s
*****************************t=272*****************************
273 generation time: 212.41 s
*****************************t=273*****************************
274 generation time: 213.14 s
*****************************t=274*****************************
275 generation time: 213.86 s
*****************************t=275*****************************
276 generation time: 214.61 s
*****************************t=276*****************************
277 generation time: 215.47 s
*****************************t=277*****************************
278 generation time: 216.13 s
*****************************t=278*****************************
279 generation time: 216.95 s
*****************************t=279*****************************
280 generation time: 217.69 s
*****************************t=280*****************************
281 generation time: 218.48 s
*****************************t=281*****************************
282 generation time: 219.16 s
*****************************t=282*****************************
283 generation time: 220.03 s
*****************************t=283*****************************
284 generation time: 220.79 s
*****************************t=284*****************************
285 generation time: 221.46 s
*****************************t=285*****************************
286 generation time: 222.27 s
*****************************t=286*****************************
287 generation time: 222.97 s
*****************************t=287*****************************
288 generation time: 223.71 s
*****************************t=288*****************************
289 generation time: 224.47 s
*****************************t=289*****************************
290 generation time: 225.19 s
*****************************t=290*****************************
291 generation time: 225.91 s
*****************************t=291*****************************
find a better solution in: 226.44 s	
292 generation time: 226.65 s
*****************************t=292*****************************
293 generation time: 227.48 s
*****************************t=293*****************************
294 generation time: 228.25 s
*****************************t=294*****************************
295 generation time: 228.99 s
*****************************t=295*****************************
296 generation time: 229.75 s
*****************************t=296*****************************
297 generation time: 230.52 s
*****************************t=297*****************************
298 generation time: 231.26 s
*****************************t=298*****************************
299 generation time: 231.96 s
*****************************t=299*****************************
300 generation time: 232.68 s
*****************************t=300*****************************
301 generation time: 233.43 s
*****************************t=301*****************************
302 generation time: 234.13 s
*****************************t=302*****************************
303 generation time: 235.01 s
*****************************t=303*****************************
304 generation time: 235.76 s
*****************************t=304*****************************
305 generation time: 236.51 s
*****************************t=305*****************************
306 generation time: 237.47 s
*****************************t=306*****************************
307 generation time: 238.25 s
*****************************t=307*****************************
308 generation time: 238.94 s
*****************************t=308*****************************
309 generation time: 239.73 s
*****************************t=309*****************************
310 generation time: 240.47 s
*****************************t=310*****************************
311 generation time: 241.24 s
*****************************t=311*****************************
312 generation time: 242.02 s
*****************************t=312*****************************
find a better solution in: 242.45 s	
find a better solution in: 242.46 s	
313 generation time: 242.76 s
*****************************t=313*****************************
314 generation time: 243.54 s
*****************************t=314*****************************
315 generation time: 244.44 s
*****************************t=315*****************************
316 generation time: 245.31 s
*****************************t=316*****************************
317 generation time: 246.03 s
*****************************t=317*****************************
find a better solution in: 246.29 s	
318 generation time: 246.82 s
*****************************t=318*****************************
find a better solution in: 247.46 s	
319 generation time: 247.68 s
*****************************t=319*****************************
find a better solution in : 248.51 s	
320 generation time: 248.67 s
*****************************t=320*****************************
321 generation time: 249.41 s
*****************************t=321*****************************
322 generation time: 250.47 s
*****************************t=322*****************************
323 generation time: 251.45 s
*****************************t=323*****************************
324 generation time: 252.40 s
*****************************t=324*****************************
325 generation time: 253.13 s
*****************************t=325*****************************
326 generation time: 253.79 s
*****************************t=326*****************************
find a better solution in: 254.15 s	
327 generation time: 254.47 s
*****************************t=327*****************************
328 generation time: 255.17 s
*****************************t=328*****************************
find a better solution in: 255.91 s	
329 generation time: 255.94 s
*****************************t=329*****************************
330 generation time: 256.68 s
*****************************t=330*****************************
331 generation time: 257.42 s
*****************************t=331*****************************
332 generation time: 258.13 s
*****************************t=332*****************************
333 generation time: 258.82 s
*****************************t=333*****************************
334 generation time: 259.60 s
*****************************t=334*****************************
335 generation time: 260.37 s
*****************************t=335*****************************
336 generation time: 261.04 s
*****************************t=336*****************************
337 generation time: 261.74 s
*****************************t=337*****************************
338 generation time: 262.49 s
*****************************t=338*****************************
339 generation time: 263.24 s
*****************************t=339*****************************
340 generation time: 263.98 s
*****************************t=340*****************************
341 generation time: 264.76 s
*****************************t=341*****************************
342 generation time: 265.55 s
*****************************t=342*****************************
343 generation time: 266.24 s
*****************************t=343*****************************
344 generation time: 266.95 s
*****************************t=344*****************************
345 generation time: 267.70 s
*****************************t=345*****************************
346 generation time: 268.46 s
*****************************t=346*****************************
347 generation time: 269.19 s
*****************************t=347*****************************
348 generation time: 270.02 s
*****************************t=348*****************************
349 generation time: 270.73 s
*****************************t=349*****************************
350 generation time: 271.54 s
*****************************t=350*****************************
351 generation time: 272.19 s
*****************************t=351*****************************
352 generation time: 272.94 s
*****************************t=352*****************************
353 generation time: 273.72 s
*****************************t=353*****************************
354 generation time: 274.41 s
*****************************t=354*****************************
355 generation time: 275.12 s
*****************************t=355*****************************
356 generation time: 275.82 s
*****************************t=356*****************************
357 generation time: 276.52 s
*****************************t=357*****************************
358 generation time: 277.22 s
*****************************t=358*****************************
359 generation time: 277.94 s
*****************************t=359*****************************
360 generation time: 278.62 s
*****************************t=360*****************************
361 generation time: 279.29 s
*****************************t=361*****************************
362 generation time: 280.05 s
*****************************t=362*****************************
363 generation time: 280.85 s
*****************************t=363*****************************
364 generation time: 281.62 s
*****************************t=364*****************************
365 generation time: 282.26 s
*****************************t=365*****************************
366 generation time: 283.05 s
*****************************t=366*****************************
367 generation time: 283.74 s
*****************************t=367*****************************
368 generation time: 284.41 s
*****************************t=368*****************************
369 generation time: 285.18 s
*****************************t=369*****************************
370 generation time: 285.93 s
*****************************t=370*****************************
371 generation time: 286.62 s
*****************************t=371*****************************
372 generation time: 287.41 s
*****************************t=372*****************************
373 generation time: 288.30 s
*****************************t=373*****************************
374 generation time: 288.98 s
*****************************t=374*****************************
375 generation time: 289.66 s
*****************************t=375*****************************
376 generation time: 290.32 s
*****************************t=376*****************************
find a better solution in : 290.90 s	
find a better solution in: 290.90 s	
377 generation time: 290.99 s
*****************************t=377*****************************
378 generation time: 291.65 s
*****************************t=378*****************************
379 generation time: 292.32 s
*****************************t=379*****************************
380 generation time: 292.98 s
*****************************t=380*****************************
381 generation time: 293.69 s
*****************************t=381*****************************
382 generation time: 294.37 s
*****************************t=382*****************************
383 generation time: 295.08 s
*****************************t=383*****************************
find a better solution in: 295.49 s	
384 generation time: 295.69 s
*****************************t=384*****************************
385 generation time: 296.32 s
*****************************t=385*****************************
386 generation time: 297.02 s
*****************************t=386*****************************
387 generation time: 297.68 s
*****************************t=387*****************************
388 generation time: 298.32 s
*****************************t=388*****************************
389 generation time: 298.96 s
*****************************t=389*****************************
390 generation time: 299.62 s
*****************************t=390*****************************
find a better solution in: 300.01 s	
find a better solution in: 300.02 s	
391 generation time: 300.29 s
*****************************t=391*****************************
392 generation time: 300.98 s
*****************************t=392*****************************
393 generation time: 301.73 s
*****************************t=393*****************************
394 generation time: 302.32 s
*****************************t=394*****************************
find a better solution in: 302.35 s	
395 generation time: 302.93 s
*****************************t=395*****************************
396 generation time: 303.54 s
*****************************t=396*****************************
397 generation time: 304.16 s
*****************************t=397*****************************
398 generation time: 304.80 s
*****************************t=398*****************************
399 generation time: 305.44 s
*****************************t=399*****************************
400 generation time: 306.07 s
[138395.00,9631.50,132385.30],
[132694.00,11689.00,130345.80],
[150687.00,692.50,144885.70],
[133711.00,23342.50,125542.90],
[143165.00,32323.00,124329.15],
[148661.00,62417.00,120182.20],
[140460.00,3255.00,144438.00],
[143120.00,43918.50,122414.75],
[161863.00,90821.00,116629.75],
[150597.00,692.50,145247.60],
[132706.00,14764.50,128446.55],
[141165.00,7152.50,139301.45],
[163743.00,115271.00,114424.90],
[143180.00,30361.00,124340.30],
[161330.00,111397.00,116635.75],
[148665.00,53341.00,121143.10],
[149158.00,5133.00,137232.75],
[148657.00,67478.50,118474.95],
[133726.00,21380.50,125701.50],
[160568.00,640.50,150574.50],
[143108.00,47792.50,122363.10],
[143177.00,41943.00,124145.75],
[161878.00,88859.00,116786.10],
[149173.00,2600.50,142491.50],
[132694.00,14788.50,128444.75],
[149972.00,2405.00,143407.50],
[149149.00,2624.50,142484.30],
[139148.00,43918.50,125308.15],
[132709.00,10914.50,130227.10],
[132721.00,10890.50,130230.70],
[160116.00,1630.50,141367.25],
[141150.00,7927.00,139354.90],
[143235.00,9631.50,131543.45],
[143250.00,10819.00,131527.00],
[140276.00,6873.00,144190.60],
[140210.00,6873.00,144264.60],
[151139.00,1630.50,143657.60],
[148665.00,57215.00,120866.85],
[149134.00,5157.00,137227.35],
[163739.00,134957.00,112950.25],
[220505.00,134957.00,112267.15],
[160105.00,1630.50,143404.25],
[132706.00,11665.00,130345.80],
[160101.00,2405.00,141418.90],
[150679.00,722.50,144498.90],
[133711.00,27216.50,125471.15],
[161806.00,111397.00,114701.15],
[163815.00,92733.00,116509.85],
[143165.00,41967.00,124143.95],
[169540.00,570.50,161698.00],
[218572.00,129895.50,113683.25],
[138410.00,10819.00,132037.45],
[161328.00,111397.00,116716.25],
[139148.00,47792.50,124747.85],
[149166.00,2600.50,144824.70],
[143120.00,47792.50,122138.50],
[245974.00,158299.50,112120.10],
[140264.00,6873.00,144230.00],
[246875.00,160211.50,111990.35],
[161863.00,94695.00,116558.00],
[143104.00,67478.50,123959.60],
[149134.00,3399.00,142537.75],
[140430.00,5217.00,144342.00],
[143165.00,67478.50,121384.25],
[247911.00,162173.50,111843.85],
[256203.00,178875.50,109708.45],
[149138.00,2624.50,144511.20],
[163800.00,94695.00,116353.50],
[143108.00,43918.50,124402.90],
[148642.00,67478.50,119653.45],
[150107.00,722.50,144822.50],
[143737.00,67478.50,121163.15],
x=[138395.00 132694.00 150687.00 133711.00 143165.00 148661.00 140460.00 143120.00 161863.00 150597.00 132706.00 141165.00 163743.00 143180.00 161330.00 148665.00 149158.00 148657.00 133726.00 160568.00 143108.00 143177.00 161878.00 149173.00 132694.00 149972.00 149149.00 139148.00 132709.00 132721.00 160116.00 141150.00 143235.00 143250.00 140276.00 140210.00 151139.00 148665.00 149134.00 163739.00 220505.00 160105.00 132706.00 160101.00 150679.00 133711.00 161806.00 163815.00 143165.00 169540.00 218572.00 138410.00 161328.00 139148.00 149166.00 143120.00 245974.00 140264.00 246875.00 161863.00 143104.00 149134.00 140430.00 143165.00 247911.00 256203.00 149138.00 163800.00 143108.00 148642.00 150107.00 143737.00 ];
y=[9631.50 11689.00 692.50 23342.50 32323.00 62417.00 3255.00 43918.50 90821.00 692.50 14764.50 7152.50 115271.00 30361.00 111397.00 53341.00 5133.00 67478.50 21380.50 640.50 47792.50 41943.00 88859.00 2600.50 14788.50 2405.00 2624.50 43918.50 10914.50 10890.50 1630.50 7927.00 9631.50 10819.00 6873.00 6873.00 1630.50 57215.00 5157.00 134957.00 134957.00 1630.50 11665.00 2405.00 722.50 27216.50 111397.00 92733.00 41967.00 570.50 129895.50 10819.00 111397.00 47792.50 2600.50 47792.50 158299.50 6873.00 160211.50 94695.00 67478.50 3399.00 5217.00 67478.50 162173.50 178875.50 2624.50 94695.00 43918.50 67478.50 722.50 67478.50 ];
z=[132385.30 130345.80 144885.70 125542.90 124329.15 120182.20 144438.00 122414.75 116629.75 145247.60 128446.55 139301.45 114424.90 124340.30 116635.75 121143.10 137232.75 118474.95 125701.50 150574.50 122363.10 124145.75 116786.10 142491.50 128444.75 143407.50 142484.30 125308.15 130227.10 130230.70 141367.25 139354.90 131543.45 131527.00 144190.60 144264.60 143657.60 120866.85 137227.35 112950.25 112267.15 143404.25 130345.80 141418.90 144498.90 125471.15 114701.15 116509.85 124143.95 161698.00 113683.25 132037.45 116716.25 124747.85 144824.70 122138.50 112120.10 144230.00 111990.35 116558.00 123959.60 142537.75 144342.00 121384.25 111843.85 109708.45 144511.20 116353.50 124402.90 119653.45 144822.50 121163.15 ];
tot = 144
total time: 306.13 s
