m = 4 n = 262
pop = 30 gen = 400
init...begin
greedy begin
heregreedy done
init...done
*****************************t=0*****************************
find a better solution in: 0.20 s	
find a better solution in: 0.22 s	
find a better solution in : 0.30 s	
find a better solution in: 0.31 s	
find a better solution in: 0.31 s	
find a better solution in: 0.33 s	
find a better solution in: 0.36 s	
find a better solution in : 0.47 s	
find a better solution in : 0.50 s	
find a better solution in : 0.56 s	
find a better solution in : 0.56 s	
find a better solution in : 0.56 s	
find a better solution in: 0.56 s	
find a better solution in: 0.61 s	
find a better solution in: 0.62 s	
find a better solution in: 0.62 s	
find a better solution in: 0.62 s	
find a better solution in: 0.73 s	
find a better solution in: 0.98 s	
find a better solution in : 1.00 s	
find a better solution in: 1.00 s	
find a better solution in: 1.00 s	
find a better solution in: 1.00 s	
find a better solution in: 1.01 s	
find a better solution in : 1.08 s	
find a better solution in: 1.19 s	
find a better solution in : 1.20 s	
find a better solution in: 1.20 s	
find a better solution in: 1.26 s	
find a better solution in : 1.36 s	
find a better solution in: 1.37 s	
find a better solution in: 1.37 s	
find a better solution in : 1.40 s	
find a better solution in: 1.47 s	
find a better solution in : 1.51 s	
find a better solution in : 1.51 s	
find a better solution in: 1.64 s	
find a better solution in: 1.70 s	
find a better solution in : 1.70 s	
find a better solution in : 1.70 s	
find a better solution in: 1.72 s	
find a better solution in : 2.00 s	
find a better solution in : 2.01 s	
find a better solution in : 2.01 s	
find a better solution in: 2.01 s	
find a better solution in : 2.01 s	
find a better solution in: 2.01 s	
find a better solution in : 2.14 s	
find a better solution in : 2.21 s	
find a better solution in : 2.21 s	
find a better solution in : 2.23 s	
find a better solution in : 2.23 s	
find a better solution in : 2.26 s	
find a better solution in: 2.28 s	
find a better solution in: 2.28 s	
find a better solution in : 2.28 s	
find a better solution in : 2.28 s	
find a better solution in : 2.32 s	
find a better solution in: 2.33 s	
find a better solution in: 2.33 s	
find a better solution in : 2.33 s	
find a better solution in : 2.34 s	
find a better solution in: 2.34 s	
find a better solution in : 2.36 s	
find a better solution in : 2.36 s	
find a better solution in : 2.36 s	
find a better solution in : 2.37 s	
find a better solution in : 2.37 s	
find a better solution in : 2.37 s	
find a better solution in : 2.37 s	
find a better solution in: 2.40 s	
find a better solution in: 2.41 s	
find a better solution in: 2.41 s	
find a better solution in: 2.41 s	
find a better solution in : 2.58 s	
find a better solution in : 2.58 s	
find a better solution in : 2.59 s	
find a better solution in : 2.59 s	
find a better solution in : 2.59 s	
find a better solution in: 2.59 s	
find a better solution in : 2.59 s	
find a better solution in : 2.59 s	
find a better solution in : 2.61 s	
find a better solution in : 2.67 s	
find a better solution in : 2.67 s	
find a better solution in : 2.67 s	
find a better solution in : 9.50 s	
find a better solution in : 9.51 s	
find a better solution in : 9.53 s	
find a better solution in: 9.53 s	
find a better solution in: 9.73 s	
find a better solution in: 9.75 s	
find a better solution in : 9.75 s	
find a better solution in: 9.84 s	
find a better solution in : 10.20 s	
find a better solution in : 10.29 s	
find a better solution in: 10.29 s	
find a better solution in: 10.29 s	
find a better solution in: 10.31 s	
find a better solution in: 10.31 s	
find a better solution in : 10.37 s	
find a better solution in : 10.45 s	
find a better solution in: 10.46 s	
find a better solution in : 10.53 s	
find a better solution in: 10.57 s	
find a better solution in: 16.02 s	
find a better solution in : 16.24 s	
find a better solution in : 16.33 s	
find a better solution in: 16.34 s	
find a better solution in: 16.34 s	
find a better solution in: 16.41 s	
find a better solution in : 16.49 s	
find a better solution in : 16.56 s	
find a better solution in: 16.56 s	
find a better solution in: 16.58 s	
find a better solution in : 16.63 s	
find a better solution in: 16.81 s	
find a better solution in: 16.83 s	
find a better solution in : 16.88 s	
find a better solution in: 16.91 s	
find a better solution in : 16.95 s	
find a better solution in: 16.97 s	
find a better solution in : 16.97 s	
find a better solution in: 16.97 s	
find a better solution in: 16.97 s	
find a better solution in : 16.98 s	
find a better solution in : 17.02 s	
find a better solution in: 17.02 s	
find a better solution in : 17.08 s	
find a better solution in : 17.08 s	
find a better solution in: 17.09 s	
find a better solution in : 17.14 s	
find a better solution in : 17.16 s	
find a better solution in: 17.17 s	
find a better solution in: 17.20 s	
find a better solution in: 17.20 s	
find a better solution in: 17.20 s	
find a better solution in: 17.25 s	
find a better solution in: 17.27 s	
find a better solution in: 17.30 s	
find a better solution in: 17.30 s	
find a better solution in: 17.53 s	
find a better solution in : 17.61 s	
find a better solution in: 17.62 s	
find a better solution in: 17.62 s	
find a better solution in : 17.62 s	
find a better solution in : 17.62 s	
find a better solution in: 17.62 s	
find a better solution in: 17.64 s	
find a better solution in: 17.64 s	
find a better solution in : 17.84 s	
find a better solution in : 17.86 s	
find a better solution in: 17.86 s	
find a better solution in : 17.86 s	
find a better solution in : 17.87 s	
find a better solution in: 17.87 s	
find a better solution in : 17.89 s	
find a better solution in : 17.89 s	
find a better solution in: 17.89 s	
find a better solution in : 17.89 s	
find a better solution in : 17.91 s	
find a better solution in: 17.91 s	
find a better solution in : 17.95 s	
find a better solution in : 18.09 s	
find a better solution in: 18.17 s	
find a better solution in: 18.17 s	
find a better solution in: 18.22 s	
find a better solution in : 18.23 s	
find a better solution in: 18.23 s	
find a better solution in : 18.23 s	
find a better solution in : 18.30 s	
find a better solution in: 18.34 s	
find a better solution in: 18.45 s	
find a better solution in: 18.47 s	
find a better solution in: 18.50 s	
find a better solution in: 18.55 s	
find a better solution in: 18.58 s	
find a better solution in : 18.76 s	
find a better solution in: 18.76 s	
find a better solution in : 18.84 s	
find a better solution in : 18.84 s	
find a better solution in : 18.84 s	
find a better solution in : 18.84 s	
find a better solution in: 18.86 s	
find a better solution in : 18.86 s	
find a better solution in: 18.87 s	
find a better solution in: 18.92 s	
find a better solution in : 19.00 s	
find a better solution in: 19.03 s	
find a better solution in : 19.03 s	
find a better solution in: 19.04 s	
find a better solution in: 19.04 s	
find a better solution in: 19.11 s	
find a better solution in: 19.23 s	
find a better solution in : 19.28 s	
find a better solution in: 19.28 s	
find a better solution in: 19.29 s	
find a better solution in: 19.45 s	
find a better solution in: 19.51 s	
find a better solution in: 19.62 s	
find a better solution in : 19.65 s	
find a better solution in: 19.67 s	
find a better solution in : 20.00 s	
find a better solution in : 20.00 s	
find a better solution in: 20.00 s	
find a better solution in : 20.00 s	
find a better solution in: 20.01 s	
find a better solution in: 20.01 s	
find a better solution in: 20.01 s	
find a better solution in: 20.01 s	
find a better solution in: 20.11 s	
find a better solution in : 20.40 s	
find a better solution in: 20.42 s	
find a better solution in: 20.43 s	
find a better solution in: 20.53 s	
find a better solution in : 20.53 s	
find a better solution in : 20.54 s	
find a better solution in: 20.54 s	
find a better solution in : 20.54 s	
find a better solution in : 20.56 s	
find a better solution in : 20.57 s	
find a better solution in: 20.57 s	
find a better solution in : 20.57 s	
find a better solution in : 20.57 s	
find a better solution in : 20.70 s	
find a better solution in : 20.76 s	
1 generation time: 50.59 s
*****************************t=1*****************************
find a better solution in : 58.34 s	
find a better solution in: 58.57 s	
find a better solution in : 58.64 s	
find a better solution in: 58.64 s	
find a better solution in: 58.87 s	
find a better solution in : 59.03 s	
find a better solution in: 59.03 s	
find a better solution in : 59.10 s	
find a better solution in: 59.10 s	
find a better solution in: 59.24 s	
find a better solution in : 59.24 s	
find a better solution in : 59.34 s	
find a better solution in : 59.34 s	
find a better solution in: 59.35 s	
find a better solution in: 59.39 s	
find a better solution in: 59.42 s	
find a better solution in : 59.42 s	
find a better solution in: 59.48 s	
find a better solution in: 59.51 s	
find a better solution in : 59.57 s	
find a better solution in : 59.59 s	
find a better solution in : 59.60 s	
find a better solution in: 59.63 s	
find a better solution in: 59.65 s	
find a better solution in : 59.93 s	
find a better solution in: 59.98 s	
find a better solution in: 60.01 s	
find a better solution in: 60.04 s	
find a better solution in: 60.09 s	
find a better solution in : 60.15 s	
find a better solution in: 60.17 s	
find a better solution in : 60.21 s	
find a better solution in: 60.23 s	
find a better solution in: 60.48 s	
find a better solution in : 60.54 s	
find a better solution in: 60.59 s	
find a better solution in: 60.76 s	
find a better solution in: 60.96 s	
find a better solution in: 60.96 s	
find a better solution in: 60.98 s	
find a better solution in: 60.98 s	
find a better solution in: 61.27 s	
find a better solution in : 61.30 s	
find a better solution in : 61.30 s	
find a better solution in : 61.32 s	
find a better solution in : 61.32 s	
find a better solution in: 61.32 s	
find a better solution in : 61.34 s	
find a better solution in : 61.34 s	
find a better solution in: 61.35 s	
find a better solution in: 61.37 s	
find a better solution in: 61.43 s	
find a better solution in: 61.45 s	
find a better solution in: 61.46 s	
find a better solution in: 61.49 s	
find a better solution in: 61.49 s	
find a better solution in : 61.52 s	
find a better solution in: 61.65 s	
find a better solution in: 61.66 s	
find a better solution in : 61.68 s	
find a better solution in : 61.73 s	
find a better solution in: 61.74 s	
find a better solution in : 61.74 s	
find a better solution in: 61.76 s	
find a better solution in : 61.77 s	
find a better solution in : 62.30 s	
find a better solution in : 62.82 s	
find a better solution in : 62.82 s	
find a better solution in : 71.24 s	
find a better solution in: 71.85 s	
find a better solution in: 72.04 s	
find a better solution in : 72.18 s	
find a better solution in : 72.18 s	
find a better solution in: 72.19 s	
find a better solution in: 72.19 s	
find a better solution in: 72.22 s	
find a better solution in : 72.22 s	
find a better solution in: 72.24 s	
find a better solution in: 72.33 s	
find a better solution in: 72.33 s	
find a better solution in : 72.40 s	
find a better solution in : 72.41 s	
find a better solution in: 72.43 s	
find a better solution in: 72.46 s	
find a better solution in: 72.60 s	
find a better solution in : 72.71 s	
find a better solution in: 72.72 s	
find a better solution in: 72.86 s	
find a better solution in: 72.96 s	
find a better solution in : 73.24 s	
find a better solution in : 73.24 s	
find a better solution in : 73.24 s	
find a better solution in : 73.24 s	
find a better solution in: 73.25 s	
find a better solution in : 73.25 s	
find a better solution in : 73.25 s	
find a better solution in: 73.28 s	
find a better solution in: 73.38 s	
find a better solution in: 73.38 s	
find a better solution in: 73.38 s	
find a better solution in : 73.43 s	
find a better solution in : 73.44 s	
find a better solution in: 73.44 s	
find a better solution in: 73.44 s	
find a better solution in: 73.46 s	
find a better solution in: 73.58 s	
find a better solution in: 73.63 s	
find a better solution in : 73.63 s	
find a better solution in : 73.63 s	
find a better solution in : 73.64 s	
find a better solution in : 73.64 s	
find a better solution in: 73.74 s	
find a better solution in: 73.80 s	
find a better solution in: 73.83 s	
find a better solution in: 73.88 s	
find a better solution in: 74.17 s	
find a better solution in: 74.17 s	
find a better solution in: 74.28 s	
find a better solution in: 74.39 s	
find a better solution in : 74.47 s	
find a better solution in: 74.47 s	
find a better solution in: 74.49 s	
find a better solution in: 74.49 s	
find a better solution in: 74.52 s	
find a better solution in: 74.74 s	
find a better solution in : 74.75 s	
find a better solution in : 74.78 s	
find a better solution in : 74.94 s	
find a better solution in: 74.99 s	
find a better solution in: 75.19 s	
find a better solution in: 75.20 s	
find a better solution in: 75.27 s	
find a better solution in: 75.39 s	
find a better solution in: 82.50 s	
find a better solution in: 83.42 s	
find a better solution in : 83.42 s	
find a better solution in : 83.42 s	
find a better solution in: 83.46 s	
find a better solution in: 83.47 s	
find a better solution in: 83.47 s	
find a better solution in: 83.47 s	
find a better solution in: 83.49 s	
find a better solution in: 83.72 s	
find a better solution in : 83.77 s	
find a better solution in: 83.96 s	
find a better solution in: 84.02 s	
find a better solution in: 84.02 s	
find a better solution in: 84.03 s	
find a better solution in: 84.08 s	
find a better solution in : 84.11 s	
find a better solution in: 84.11 s	
find a better solution in: 84.13 s	
find a better solution in : 84.14 s	
find a better solution in: 84.22 s	
find a better solution in : 84.27 s	
find a better solution in : 84.39 s	
find a better solution in: 84.39 s	
find a better solution in: 84.41 s	
find a better solution in : 84.41 s	
find a better solution in: 84.44 s	
find a better solution in : 84.45 s	
find a better solution in: 84.50 s	
find a better solution in : 84.52 s	
2 generation time: 129.20 s
*****************************t=2*****************************
find a better solution in : 151.66 s	
find a better solution in: 151.99 s	
find a better solution in : 164.53 s	
find a better solution in : 164.61 s	
find a better solution in: 164.75 s	
find a better solution in: 164.77 s	
find a better solution in: 165.09 s	
find a better solution in : 165.14 s	
find a better solution in : 165.14 s	
find a better solution in : 165.17 s	
find a better solution in: 165.22 s	
find a better solution in: 165.22 s	
find a better solution in: 165.33 s	
find a better solution in: 165.36 s	
find a better solution in: 165.44 s	
find a better solution in : 165.69 s	
find a better solution in: 165.69 s	
find a better solution in : 165.70 s	
find a better solution in: 165.72 s	
find a better solution in: 165.72 s	
find a better solution in : 165.75 s	
find a better solution in: 166.00 s	
find a better solution in: 166.03 s	
find a better solution in: 166.15 s	
find a better solution in : 166.20 s	
find a better solution in: 166.22 s	
find a better solution in: 166.31 s	
find a better solution in : 166.36 s	
find a better solution in: 166.37 s	
find a better solution in: 166.47 s	
find a better solution in : 166.53 s	
find a better solution in : 166.53 s	
find a better solution in: 166.67 s	
find a better solution in: 166.67 s	
find a better solution in : 166.84 s	
find a better solution in : 166.84 s	
find a better solution in: 166.84 s	
find a better solution in: 166.92 s	
find a better solution in: 166.93 s	
find a better solution in : 167.22 s	
find a better solution in : 167.22 s	
find a better solution in : 190.43 s	
find a better solution in : 190.46 s	
find a better solution in: 190.51 s	
find a better solution in: 190.55 s	
find a better solution in: 190.68 s	
find a better solution in : 190.71 s	
find a better solution in : 190.72 s	
find a better solution in : 190.74 s	
find a better solution in: 190.85 s	
find a better solution in: 190.85 s	
find a better solution in: 190.87 s	
find a better solution in: 190.87 s	
find a better solution in : 190.93 s	
find a better solution in: 190.93 s	
find a better solution in: 190.93 s	
find a better solution in : 191.15 s	
find a better solution in: 191.16 s	
find a better solution in : 191.21 s	
find a better solution in: 191.32 s	
find a better solution in : 191.35 s	
find a better solution in : 191.35 s	
find a better solution in : 191.46 s	
find a better solution in : 191.46 s	
find a better solution in : 191.46 s	
find a better solution in : 191.46 s	
find a better solution in : 191.47 s	
find a better solution in: 191.52 s	
find a better solution in : 191.57 s	
find a better solution in: 191.69 s	
find a better solution in: 191.71 s	
find a better solution in: 191.75 s	
find a better solution in: 191.85 s	
find a better solution in: 191.86 s	
find a better solution in : 191.86 s	
find a better solution in : 191.86 s	
find a better solution in : 191.86 s	
find a better solution in : 191.88 s	
find a better solution in: 191.93 s	
find a better solution in: 191.93 s	
find a better solution in: 192.00 s	
find a better solution in: 199.55 s	
3 generation time: 202.13 s
*****************************t=3*****************************
find a better solution in : 261.31 s	
find a better solution in: 264.87 s	
find a better solution in : 264.87 s	
find a better solution in : 265.03 s	
find a better solution in: 265.03 s	
find a better solution in: 265.04 s	
find a better solution in: 265.14 s	
find a better solution in: 265.15 s	
find a better solution in: 265.25 s	
find a better solution in : 265.29 s	
find a better solution in: 265.29 s	
find a better solution in : 265.36 s	
find a better solution in: 265.50 s	
find a better solution in: 265.53 s	
find a better solution in : 265.56 s	
find a better solution in : 265.56 s	
find a better solution in : 265.57 s	
find a better solution in: 265.59 s	
find a better solution in : 265.62 s	
find a better solution in: 265.62 s	
find a better solution in : 265.62 s	
find a better solution in : 265.64 s	
find a better solution in: 265.64 s	
find a better solution in: 265.64 s	
find a better solution in : 265.64 s	
find a better solution in: 265.64 s	
find a better solution in : 265.65 s	
find a better solution in : 265.65 s	
find a better solution in: 265.65 s	
find a better solution in: 265.65 s	
find a better solution in : 265.67 s	
find a better solution in: 265.67 s	
find a better solution in: 265.67 s	
find a better solution in : 265.78 s	
find a better solution in : 265.84 s	
find a better solution in: 265.87 s	
find a better solution in: 265.88 s	
find a better solution in: 265.96 s	
find a better solution in: 265.96 s	
find a better solution in: 265.98 s	
find a better solution in: 266.03 s	
find a better solution in: 266.04 s	
find a better solution in : 266.04 s	
find a better solution in: 266.17 s	
find a better solution in : 266.23 s	
find a better solution in: 266.24 s	
find a better solution in: 266.29 s	
find a better solution in : 266.37 s	
find a better solution in: 266.37 s	
find a better solution in : 266.51 s	
find a better solution in: 266.52 s	
find a better solution in: 266.52 s	
find a better solution in: 266.54 s	
find a better solution in: 266.57 s	
find a better solution in: 266.57 s	
find a better solution in : 266.59 s	
find a better solution in: 266.60 s	
find a better solution in: 266.62 s	
find a better solution in: 266.65 s	
find a better solution in: 266.65 s	
find a better solution in: 266.65 s	
find a better solution in : 266.65 s	
find a better solution in: 266.81 s	
find a better solution in: 266.81 s	
find a better solution in : 266.84 s	
find a better solution in: 267.06 s	
find a better solution in : 267.09 s	
find a better solution in : 267.10 s	
find a better solution in: 267.12 s	
find a better solution in: 267.13 s	
find a better solution in : 267.15 s	
find a better solution in: 267.15 s	
find a better solution in : 267.16 s	
find a better solution in: 267.16 s	
find a better solution in: 267.21 s	
find a better solution in : 267.26 s	
find a better solution in: 267.27 s	
find a better solution in: 267.27 s	
find a better solution in: 267.27 s	
find a better solution in: 267.29 s	
find a better solution in: 267.46 s	
find a better solution in: 267.48 s	
find a better solution in: 267.77 s	
find a better solution in: 267.80 s	
find a better solution in: 267.80 s	
find a better solution in : 267.80 s	
find a better solution in: 267.82 s	
find a better solution in: 267.82 s	
find a better solution in: 267.82 s	
find a better solution in : 267.82 s	
find a better solution in : 267.83 s	
find a better solution in : 267.99 s	
find a better solution in: 268.01 s	
find a better solution in: 268.04 s	
find a better solution in : 268.15 s	
find a better solution in: 268.16 s	
find a better solution in: 268.16 s	
find a better solution in: 268.32 s	
find a better solution in: 268.38 s	
find a better solution in: 268.44 s	
find a better solution in: 268.57 s	
find a better solution in: 268.57 s	
find a better solution in: 268.63 s	
find a better solution in : 268.77 s	
find a better solution in : 268.80 s	
find a better solution in: 268.80 s	
find a better solution in: 268.82 s	
find a better solution in: 268.88 s	
find a better solution in: 269.13 s	
find a better solution in : 269.19 s	
find a better solution in: 269.22 s	
find a better solution in: 269.27 s	
find a better solution in: 269.27 s	
find a better solution in : 269.55 s	
find a better solution in : 269.55 s	
4 generation time: 270.39 s
*****************************t=4*****************************
5 generation time: 340.11 s
*****************************t=5*****************************
6 generation time: 409.95 s
*****************************t=6*****************************
7 generation time: 465.51 s
*****************************t=7*****************************
8 generation time: 532.84 s
*****************************t=8*****************************
9 generation time: 581.23 s
*****************************t=9*****************************
10 generation time: 648.11 s
*****************************t=10*****************************
11 generation time: 694.41 s
*****************************t=11*****************************
12 generation time: 766.92 s
*****************************t=12*****************************
13 generation time: 834.59 s
*****************************t=13*****************************
14 generation time: 899.42 s
*****************************t=14*****************************
15 generation time: 964.06 s
*****************************t=15*****************************
16 generation time: 1034.71 s
*****************************t=16*****************************
17 generation time: 1105.33 s
*****************************t=17*****************************
18 generation time: 1164.06 s
*****************************t=18*****************************
19 generation time: 1229.54 s
*****************************t=19*****************************
20 generation time: 1286.52 s
*****************************t=20*****************************
21 generation time: 1346.69 s
*****************************t=21*****************************
22 generation time: 1420.70 s
*****************************t=22*****************************
23 generation time: 1490.46 s
*****************************t=23*****************************
24 generation time: 1555.56 s
*****************************t=24*****************************
25 generation time: 1617.10 s
*****************************t=25*****************************
26 generation time: 1679.21 s
*****************************t=26*****************************
27 generation time: 1734.33 s
*****************************t=27*****************************
28 generation time: 1805.24 s
*****************************t=28*****************************
29 generation time: 1885.57 s
*****************************t=29*****************************
30 generation time: 1960.51 s
*****************************t=30*****************************
31 generation time: 2031.19 s
*****************************t=31*****************************
32 generation time: 2098.49 s
*****************************t=32*****************************
33 generation time: 2149.59 s
*****************************t=33*****************************
34 generation time: 2213.33 s
*****************************t=34*****************************
35 generation time: 2279.44 s
*****************************t=35*****************************
find a better solution in : 2339.94 s	
36 generation time: 2345.53 s
*****************************t=36*****************************
37 generation time: 2394.98 s
*****************************t=37*****************************
find a better solution in : 2399.07 s	
find a better solution in : 2399.07 s	
find a better solution in : 2399.60 s	
find a better solution in: 2399.61 s	
find a better solution in : 2399.61 s	
find a better solution in: 2399.77 s	
find a better solution in : 2399.99 s	
find a better solution in: 2399.99 s	
find a better solution in : 2400.06 s	
find a better solution in : 2429.69 s	
find a better solution in: 2429.74 s	
38 generation time: 2462.11 s
*****************************t=38*****************************
39 generation time: 2526.11 s
*****************************t=39*****************************
40 generation time: 2595.70 s
*****************************t=40*****************************
41 generation time: 2672.16 s
*****************************t=41*****************************
42 generation time: 2746.81 s
*****************************t=42*****************************
43 generation time: 2811.92 s
*****************************t=43*****************************
44 generation time: 2871.51 s
*****************************t=44*****************************
45 generation time: 2933.32 s
*****************************t=45*****************************
46 generation time: 3006.94 s
*****************************t=46*****************************
47 generation time: 3069.83 s
*****************************t=47*****************************
48 generation time: 3139.73 s
*****************************t=48*****************************
49 generation time: 3194.19 s
*****************************t=49*****************************
50 generation time: 3258.46 s
*****************************t=50*****************************
find a better solution in : 3311.07 s	
find a better solution in: 3311.32 s	
51 generation time: 3322.05 s
*****************************t=51*****************************
52 generation time: 3388.61 s
*****************************t=52*****************************
53 generation time: 3468.67 s
*****************************t=53*****************************
54 generation time: 3532.21 s
*****************************t=54*****************************
55 generation time: 3592.43 s
*****************************t=55*****************************
56 generation time: 3671.57 s
[77261.00,100.00,130706.45],
computation energy ratio: 0.827466, idle energy ratio: 0.000747, sleep energy ratio: 0.042949
computation time ratio: 0.872562, idle time ratio: 0.001974, sleep time ratio: 0.123173
[77323.00,38.00,130779.70],
computation energy ratio: 0.826991, idle energy ratio: 0.000569, sleep energy ratio: 0.043338
computation time ratio: 0.871862, idle time ratio: 0.001503, sleep time ratio: 0.124358
[77173.00,210.00,130574.68],
computation energy ratio: 0.828277, idle energy ratio: 0.000721, sleep energy ratio: 0.042592
computation time ratio: 0.873557, idle time ratio: 0.001905, sleep time ratio: 0.122245
[75069.00,499.00,129334.34],
computation energy ratio: 0.836183, idle energy ratio: 0.000920, sleep energy ratio: 0.033195
computation time ratio: 0.898040, idle time ratio: 0.002478, sleep time ratio: 0.097151
[75216.00,453.00,129567.48],
computation energy ratio: 0.834642, idle energy ratio: 0.000998, sleep energy ratio: 0.033775
computation time ratio: 0.896285, idle time ratio: 0.002686, sleep time ratio: 0.098676
[77027.00,334.00,130478.70],
computation energy ratio: 0.828886, idle energy ratio: 0.001324, sleep energy ratio: 0.041428
computation time ratio: 0.875213, idle time ratio: 0.003505, sleep time ratio: 0.118984
[77001.00,418.00,130468.40],
computation energy ratio: 0.828915, idle energy ratio: 0.000552, sleep energy ratio: 0.042045
computation time ratio: 0.875508, idle time ratio: 0.001461, sleep time ratio: 0.120758
[94706.00,26.00,141267.49],
computation energy ratio: 0.765515, idle energy ratio: 0.000520, sleep energy ratio: 0.113929
computation time ratio: 0.711835, idle time ratio: 0.001212, sleep time ratio: 0.285074
[74557.00,2189.00,128823.72],
computation energy ratio: 0.839448, idle energy ratio: 0.000816, sleep energy ratio: 0.031098
computation time ratio: 0.904208, idle time ratio: 0.002203, sleep time ratio: 0.091215
[74604.00,1906.00,128818.59],
computation energy ratio: 0.839469, idle energy ratio: 0.000558, sleep energy ratio: 0.031582
computation time ratio: 0.903638, idle time ratio: 0.001505, sleep time ratio: 0.092485
[74877.00,689.00,129492.40],
computation energy ratio: 0.835138, idle energy ratio: 0.001205, sleep energy ratio: 0.032095
computation time ratio: 0.900343, idle time ratio: 0.003255, sleep time ratio: 0.094038
[74879.00,656.00,129599.94],
computation energy ratio: 0.834457, idle energy ratio: 0.001363, sleep energy ratio: 0.031911
computation time ratio: 0.900319, idle time ratio: 0.003686, sleep time ratio: 0.093644
[74839.00,740.00,129723.66],
computation energy ratio: 0.833661, idle energy ratio: 0.001309, sleep energy ratio: 0.031762
computation time ratio: 0.900800, idle time ratio: 0.003544, sleep time ratio: 0.093290
[85509.00,30.00,135447.42],
computation energy ratio: 0.798491, idle energy ratio: 0.001804, sleep energy ratio: 0.076817
computation time ratio: 0.788397, idle time ratio: 0.004464, sleep time ratio: 0.205104
[96673.00,24.00,142673.35],
computation energy ratio: 0.758050, idle energy ratio: 0.000493, sleep energy ratio: 0.121002
computation time ratio: 0.697351, idle time ratio: 0.001138, sleep time ratio: 0.299670
AVERAGE: computation energy ratio: 0.821039, idle energy ratio: 0.000927, sleep energy ratio: 0.049968
AVERAGE: computation time ratio: 0.857994, idle time ratio: 0.002435, sleep time ratio: 0.137324
x=[77261.00 77323.00 77173.00 75069.00 75216.00 77027.00 77001.00 94706.00 74557.00 74604.00 74877.00 74879.00 74839.00 85509.00 96673.00 ];
y=[100.00 38.00 210.00 499.00 453.00 334.00 418.00 26.00 2189.00 1906.00 689.00 656.00 740.00 30.00 24.00 ];
z=[130706.45 130779.70 130574.68 129334.34 129567.48 130478.70 130468.40 141267.49 128823.72 128818.59 129492.40 129599.94 129723.66 135447.42 142673.35 ];
tot = 30
total time: 3671.61 s
